i saw this film opening weekend in australia ,  anticipating with an excellent cast of ledger ,  edgerton ,  bloom ,  watts and rush that the definitive story of ned kelly would unfold before me .  unfortunately ,  despite an outstanding performance by heath ledger in the lead role ,  the plot was paper thin .  .  .  . which doesn't inspire me to read  " our sunshine "  .  there were some other plus points ,  the support acting from edgerton in particular ,  assured direction from jordan  ( confirming his talent on show in buffalo soldiers as well )  ,  and production design that gave a real feel of harshness to the australian bush ,  much as the irish immigrants of the early 19th century must have seen it .  but i can't help feeling that another opportunity has been missed to tell the real story of an australian folk hero  ( or was he ?  )  .  .  .  . in what i suspect is a concession to hollywood and selling the picture in the us .  oh well ,  at least jordan and the producers didn't agree to lose the beards just to please universal .  .  .   guess i will just have to content myself with peter carey's excellent  " secret history of the kelly gang "  .  4/10
this movie was the worst movie ever made on the planet ,  i like barney more than this movie .  the graphics suck ,  half the movie is animated ,  the deaths suck ,  and over all ,  i was ready to sue the people that made this movie ! please do not waste hours of your life watching this movie .  the only good part was when the movie ******* ended !  this movie is 50 percent jurassic park ,   . 1 percent sabretooth ,  and 49 . 9 percent dumb !  please do not waste your time watching this movie ,  you will regret it . you want to know why this movie sucks ?  well ,  the cover sucked ,  the graphics sucked ,  the blood looked  (  i mean is )  ketchup ,  the people tried to blow themselves up ,  the college students think there all that and can stand up to the animal .  i mean ,  there was a 5 ft .  tiger running straight at a woman ,  she throws a spear at it from 100 ft away !  wait till you can actually hit it !  the acting was horrible too .  jurrasic park is actually a good movie ,  and this just had to go and ruin it . 
first ,  the cgi in this movie was horrible .  i watched it during a marathon of bad movies on the scifi channel .  at the end when the owner of the park gets killed ,  it's probably one of the worst examples of cgi i have even seen .  even night of the living dead had better animation .   that said ,  the movie had almost no plot .  why were they on that island in particular ?  well ,  it wasn't stated in the movie .  and ,  why would the people keep coming into the cat's area ?  makes no sense .   one thing that stood out in this movie was moderately good acting .  in what could be called a  " b made for tv movie "  movie ,  the acting was very good .  parry shen stood out in particular .   if you have absolutely nothing to do on a saturday ,  watch this movie .  it may be good for some memorable quotes . 
the film is about a sabretooth on the lose at a amusement park where teens are on a scavenger hunt .  since there are no rules they break into a building and start getting killed off .  the deaths are cheesy and are dumb .  but at least it had better effects then sabretooth .  i gave it a three because stacy was in it and i loved the movie sabretooth .  i thought it was okay but some deaths were off-screen .  there was a dumb scene where the two teens kiss and the sabretooth's head pops out and the boy leaves his girlfriend behind leaving her to have her totally fake looking red guts out .  then the sabretooth gets up in the vents and bites the kids head off .  the end death with the owner was totally fake looking graphics .  even that death was stupid because the statues tooth went through his mouth and hangs there like that will support it and there is a scene when a goth girl loses her contacts doesn't find them ,  and seems like she doesn't need the .  the film is idiotic and a waste of time . 
everything about this film is hog wash .  pitiful acting ,  awful dialog ,  ugly native girls .  this movie sinks into oblivion !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  the director must have been a weekend bender .  robert c .  is totally lost and has not got a clue on what is going on  .  the college kids are worst .  no acting talent at all ,  very stupid reasoning ,  and just down right dumbbells .  special effects are for the birds .  the so called security force around this park belongs in toy land :  with stupid looking guns ,  walkie talkies that are useless ;  and a computer system that ranks with a roll of toilet paper .  if the park is under construction and nothing works ;  why bother inviting potential clients until everything is complete .  the writers should be the first victims of the mess along with the producers and the crew .  the whole film belongs in a septic tank shot to another planet for viewing .  what a gem .  convicts should have to watch this ,  so they can commit suicide . 
spoilers will be in this .  the movie could have been better if they had just had a different script ,  director ,  and cgi provider .  not much right ?  the movie has a man starting his own theme park .  .  . err .  .  . zoo on a deserted island where people can see dinosaurs .  .  . err .  .  . sabretooths and it is called jurra .  .  . oops .  .  . primal park .  i do not mind rip-offs ,  because there are no original ideas for these kind of movies ,  but this one just slaps you in the face with it ,  r e p e a t e d l y . there is even the  " creature's shadowed head on the design "  thing .  the sabretooths ,  that are not sabretooths according to mr .  primal park  ( just ancient killing cats )  ,  are rather junky but the crowning accomplishment is the one i call  " sloggy "  .  because ,  after disposing of one big cat ,  a hero is relaxing a little because there is only one left .  enter the weird feeding guy who says ,  nah ,  we made three ,  the third being a monster who pulls itself around with its front feet .  great ,  groovy .  a group of college students are also on the island for a scavenger hunt ,  there test to get into their cliques frat or sort  ( always thought that needed a short nickname )  .  out of the ones who do live ,  only one has completed their task ,  so i got a kick out of that .  oh yeah ,  the mandatory  " evil capitalist must die "  clique is in force with not one ,  but two of them !  mr .  primal park's death is the most laughable thing you will see in one of these movies as a sabretooth statue's tooth jars loose  ( courtesy of sloggy )  ,  shrinks a few sizes ,  and impales the man through the throat .  if i had only gotten away so easy .  i like  " sabretooth "  better than this spin-off . 
john candy .  need we say more ?  he is the main reason you should see this film .  most people don't realize how gifted he was as an actor .  witness him changing from poor slob to horny jerk .  just a simple ( subtle )  facial change and off we go .  there are many great bits in this movie and many really dumb bits .  the best moments for me are the kung fu u scenes as well as the great moment when john ( in a trance )  goes up on stage and talks about how much he loves his girlfriend-that is how much he and his genitals love his girlfriend .  i'm sure reading this you might think this sequence sounds really crude .  it is ,  but it is also very funny mainly because it is john candy doing this bit .  the story in general is pretty lame and eugene levy and joe flaherty ( both sctv alumni with candy )  are not given enough to do in the film .  levy has his moments ,  especially filming the wedding at the end ( think rod serling )  and the great scene when he is talking to his mother on the phone .  overall a good movie if you have had a tough day and need to put your brain on stupid .  i give this one 4 out of 10 . 
three giant sabretooth tigers (  .  . created in a laboratory from mitochondrial dna ,  a  " genetic breakthrough "  derived from fossil material ) are on the rampage accidentally set free through a series of events ( such as a computer geek's introduced virus in order to unlock security measures keeping the resort novelty shops closed during construction & a security guard's leaving a gate open while searching for the missing page from a porn mag that flew away in the breeze ) that threaten the lives of those it comes in contact with .  the tigers are always hungry ,  but are unable to digest what they eat .  so pretty much the tigers just rip their prey to shreds .  victims include a group of college kids (  .  . the stereotypes include a goth girl ,  jock and tech nerd )  ,  security personnel ,  and those somewhat developed rich scoundrels who we can easily despise and wish horrible death .   rounding out a series of bad sci-fi channel flicks ,  attack of the sabretooth has some of the most wretched computer simulated animals i've seen yet .  and ,  the final death sequence is so putridly presented ,  you'll demand within the deepest recesses of your soul the time spent on this truly awful exercise in the creature feature canon .  there's some good dark humor deriving from heads being torn from necks ,  but even here the prosthetic work is unconvincing .  prosthetic body parts and blood aplenty as victims are pounced upon ,  crying for help and receiving none .  i'm starting to sound like a broken record ,  repeating myself in every user comment i write for these sci-fi channel flicks .  i think maybe it's time to move on to other kinds of cinema .  robert carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman who is being wooed by his truly repellent ex-brother-in-law ,  nicholas bell ,  the one opening  " primal park "  ,  a resort / zoo featuring genetically created sabretooth tigers as it's major attraction .  stacy haiduk ,  still quite yummy ,  is a security officer who attempts to convince bell to get the investors he hopes to goad into putting money in his multi-million dollar project to leave the island .  brian wimmer is haiduck's lover and his role is a mechanic keeping operations running smoothly .   bell's fate at the end ,  resulting from a dislodged tooth from a sabretooth tiger statue is the pits .  carradine spends a great deal of the film taunting bell ,  his arch nemesis .  the tiger's point-of-view shows humans in a bright color as it moves towards them .  the film ultimately consists of characters walking through darkened corridors (  .  . the tech nerd's virus cut off the power ) worried for their safety .  the college kids commit breaking and entering to score certain items needed (  .  . it's a scavenger hunt type of activity ) to enter a fraternity / sorority .  the cast playing these kids do not rise above their clichés . 
i remember watching attack when it first came out and caught it again recently .  the sci fi channel has run worse ,  but not by much .  a shameless ripoff of jurassic park ,  attack substitutes sabertooth cats for dinosaurs .  and they are on the loose ,  devouring as many extras as possible .  the cgi is pretty bad ,  and closeups of prosthetic cat heads are laughable .  we get some gore ,  which helps a little .  wait until you see how the mad scientist who started this whole mess gets it .  other than robert carradine ,  who has very little to do ,  the cast is unknown .  apparently this was shot in fiji .  nice work if you can get it .  reminds me of all those low-budget monster stvs that were popular in the 80s and 90s . 
i have a piece of advice for the people who made this movie too ,  if you're gonna make a movie like this be sure you got the f/x to back it up .  also don't get a bunch of z list actors to play in it .  another thing ,  just about all of us have seen jurassic park ,  so don't blatantly copy it .  all in all this movie sucked ,  f/x sucked ,  acting sucked ,  story unoriginal .  let's talk about the acting for just a second ,  the carradine guy who's career peaked in 1984 when he did  " revenge of the nerds "   ( which was actually a great comedy )  .  he's not exactly z list ,  he can act .  he just should have said no to this s--t bag .  he should have did what mark hamill did after  " return of the jedi "  and go quietly into the night .  he made his mark as a  " nerd "  and that should have been that .  i understand he has bills to pay ,  but that hardly excuses this s--t bag .  have i called this movie that yet ?  o . k .  i just wanted to be sure .  if i sound a little hostile ,  i apologize .  i just wasted 2hrs of my life i could have spent doing something productive like watching paint peel ,  and i feel cheated .  i'll close on that note .  thank you for your time . 
this movie had a lot of blood in it when the sabretooth attack it also i loved it when that guy and the women were having some good time and then the sabretooth attacked the women and ate her stomach and took the liver out .  that was the best and the 1ton sabretooth walking on its front legs hilarious to make this movie better more action and less talking if you know what i mean and also please please people who made this movie don't make anothwer movie like this movies ending cause it was terrible 1 sabretooth alive and killed that women in the end this movie reminds me of the grudges ending always there's 1 enemy left !  ok damn it this movie sucks i can 't believe it i loved it when my lil bro got freaked from the attacks stomach takin out and the blood ya
the film starts with a manager  ( nicholas bell )  giving welcome investors  ( robert carradine )  to primal park  .  a secret project mutating a primal animal using fossilized dna ,  like ¨jurassik park¨ ,  and some scientists resurrect one of nature's most fearsome predators ,  the sabretooth tiger or smilodon  .  scientific ambition turns deadly ,  however ,  and when the high voltage fence is opened the creature escape and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human visitors  ,  tourists and scientific . meanwhile some youngsters enter in the restricted area of the security center and are attacked by a pack of large pre-historical animals which are deadlier and bigger  .  in addition  ,  a security agent  ( stacy haiduk )  and her mate  ( brian wimmer )  fight hardly against the carnivorous smilodons .  the sabretooths ,  themselves  ,  of course ,  are the real star stars and they are astounding terrifyingly though not convincing .  the giant animals savagely are stalking its prey and the group run afoul and fight against one nature's most fearsome predators .  furthermore a third sabretooth more dangerous and slow stalks its victims .   the movie delivers the goods with lots of blood and gore as beheading ,  hair-raising chills , full of scares when the sabretooths appear with mediocre special effects . the story provides exciting and stirring entertainment but it results to be quite boring  . the giant animals are majority made by computer generator and seem totally lousy  . middling performances though the players reacting appropriately to becoming food . actors give vigorously physical performances dodging the beasts  , running , bound and leaps or dangling over walls  .  and it packs a ridiculous final deadly scene .  no for small kids by realistic , gory and violent attack scenes  .  other films about sabretooths or smilodon are the following  :  ¨sabretooth ( 2002 ) ¨by james r hickox with vanessa angel ,  david keith and john rhys davies and the much better ¨10 . 000 bc ( 2006 ) ¨ by roland emmerich with with steven strait ,  cliff curtis and camilla belle .  this motion picture filled with bloody moments is badly directed by george miller and with no originality because takes too many elements from previous films .  miller is an australian director usually working for television  ( tidal wave ,  journey to the center of the earth ,  and many others )  and occasionally for cinema  (  the man from snowy river ,  zeus and roxanne , robinson crusoe  )  .  rating  :  below average ,  bottom of barrel . 
in the fiji islands ,  the greedy and unscrupulous owner of the valalola resort primal park invites investors and guests for an opening party of his compound composed of hotel and zoo aiming to find partners for his discoveries .  when a bunch of college smalltime thieves puts a virus in the security system to participate in a scavenger hunt ,  the greatest attractions of the zoo  sabretoothes from the prehistoric age developed from dna found in fossils  escape ,  killing the hosts and guards for pleasure .   the incredibly lame and cheap  " attack of the sabretooth "  is one of the worst movies i have recently seen .  the characters are awful and not funny or pleasant and the story is a terrible jurassik park rip-off with a bad collection of clichés .  basically all the lines and situations are poor and stupid ,  but the winner is when the guard explains that the sabretoothes are bulimic and like to kill for pleasure .  my vote is three .   title  ( brazil )  :   " o ataque do dente de sabre "   (  " the attack of the sabretooth "  ) 
after a series of power-outages on a remote island zoo ,  genetically engineered sabertooth tigers are on the loose and mauling residents of the island .  man ,  the sci-fi channel has made some bad  " original "  movies ,  but i think this might possibly be their worst so far !  this badly written and directed  " jurassic park "  rip-off offers all the usual clichés  ( mad scientists who thinks people killed by the monsters are  " expendable losses "  ,  characters walking down long dark hallways alone ,  brain-dead teen characters who's only function in the film is to die a horrible death ,  etc .  )  ,  and ,  unsurprisingly ,  no suspense whatsoever .  the special effects are atrociousthe puppet heads in close-ups of the title beasties are bad enough ,  looking like stiff plush dolls ,  but the cgiwhich makes the computer-generated dinosaurs in  " walking with dinosaurs "  look life-like by comparisonare just downright awful .  there's some gore ,  but most of it looks pretty unconvincing .  oh ,  and the death scene of the scientist at the end is truly one of the worst things i've seen in years .  i couldn't even laugh it was so bad !   don't waste your time ,  this one is just downright bad .   2/10 .    oh ,  and here's some interesting trivia for youthis film borrowed music cues from the 2003 sci-fi film  " alien hunter "  ,  which was far superior to this piece of crap . 
i remember i saw this cartoon when i was 6 or 7 .  my grandfather picked up the video of it for free at the mall .  i remember that it really sucked .  the plot had no sense .  i hated the fox that became casper's friend .  he was so stupid !  casper cried his head off if he couldn't find a friend .  so what ?  get over it !  the only good part and i don't want to sound mean-spirited was when the fox got shot and died at the end .  i laughed my head off in payback because this cartoon sucked so much .  the bad news is the fox resurrects and becomes a ghost .  i wish he had stayed dead .  i think i even gave the video of this to somebody because i hated it .  no wonder they were offering it for free at the mall .  if you have a child don't let them watch this .  they will probably agree with me that it sucks . 
considering john doe apparently inspired kyle xy's creator i was expecting its pilot to be quite interesting .  however i probably had too high expectations because i was quite disappointed by it .  first they turned the protagonist into a freak who had the crazy idea of showing off his amazing knowledge in front of an audience ,  in a public area .  so after that scene i began to worry that it was just entertainment .  but the problem is that it got worse as none of the other characters were properly introduced .  they focused too much on john doe which made the story far less intriguing .  i was also slightly disappointed by dominic purcell's performance because i found he didn't make a believable john doe .  an other problem was the police story .  it really felt like déjà vu and it wasn't a pleasant sensation .  it leads us to the worst issue in the bunch ,  the episodic format .  i could already see the fillers coming one after an other .   so overall i was very disappointed by it and don't recommend it to anyone .  considering how bad it was i better understand now why the show got canceled .  in some way i have the impression that it missed its target ,  developing characters to help the protagonist find his own identity .  it's sad because there was potential ,  like the people he met at the club .  the production quality was also quite good and the casting correct .  but i'll never know if it got better ,  probably not ,  because i don't plan to watch the next episode . 
my giving this a score of 3 is not what i would give the original soviet version of this film .  it seems that american-international  ( a studio that specialized in ultra-low-budget fare in the 60s )  bought this film and utterly destroyed it--slicing a two hour plus film into a 64 minute film !  plus ,  much of this 64 minutes was new material  ( such as the  " monsters "  ) --so you know that this film bears almost no similarity to the original .  the original film appears to be a rather straight drama about the soviet conquest of space--though i really am not sure what it was originally !  for insight into the original film ,  read steven nyland's review--it was very helpful .   by the way ,  this was the third soviet sci-film i've seen that american-international bought and then hacked apart to make a  " new "  film--standard practice to a company that was willing to put just about anything on the screen to make a buck--provided ,  of course ,  it didn't cost them much more than a buck in the first place !  !  this americanized film was about two rival world powers  ( not the us and soviets )  trying to be the first to mars .  the tricky  " bad guys "  try but fail and the  " good guys "  rescue one of the idiot astronauts and then head to mars .  unfortunately ,  they are temporarily stranded on a moon of mars where they see some monsters  ( added by american-international )  that are reaaaally cheesy and one does bear similarity to a certain part of a female's anatomy .  then ,  they are rescued--returning to earth heroes .   the bottom line is that the film was butchered--turning an incredibly beautiful piece of art  ( for the time )  being turned into a grade-c movie .  because of this ,  the soviets really had a reason to hate america !  i'm just shocked that the horrible job a-i did with this film didn't convince them to refuse to sell more films to these jerks !  it's worth a look for a laugh ,  but the really bad moments that make you laugh are few and far between .  so ,  the film is a dud--not bad enough to make it a must-see for bad movie buffs and too dopey to be taken seriously .  i would really love to see this movie in its original form--it must have been some picture . 
what is this  ?  a low budget sex comedy  ?  anyway it describes perfectly the people in spain .  they could come up with a better idea ,  i mean they do this kind of movies since the 60s .  .  and people like them  !  this is neither a teen comedy nor a family one  ( you can't let your 12 year old watch 2 guys in bed kissing ,  he'll never want to go to spain )  .  this should be rated  " r "  ,  because only people 35+ seem to laugh watching  : s i'm truly disappointed ,  maybe i don't like gays  ( which is quite an important part of the movie )  .   foreign humor is awful in films  ( except kusturica )  ,  stick with doing dramas !  if you want a new comedy try talladega nights
strange ,  almost all reviewers are highly positive about this movie .  is it because it's from 1975 and has chamberlain and curtis in it and therefore forgive the by times very bad acting and childish ways of storytelling ?    maybe it's because some people get sentimental about this film because they have read the book ?   ( i have not read the book ,  but i don't think that's a problem ,  film makers never presume that the viewers have read the book )  .    or is it because i am subconsciously irritated about the fact that english-speaking actors try to behave as their french counterparts ? 
  as with the other episodes in this made-for-tv series expanding on the many adventures of the sea legend ,  horatio hornblower's super human infallibility ruins all chance for suspense .   as little wesley crusher ruined many seasons of the next generation ,  horatio hornblower invincibly saves every situation .  each and every clever solution inevitably comes only from the lips of horatio hornblower .  immeasurably superior ,  hornblower's main trouble in this movie series seems to be tolerating the many error ridden characters above and below him in the chain of command .  a perfect being makes for dull story telling .  so superior is our hero ,  that even those who attempt to help him are powerless to do something correctly unless hornblower is there to direct and control their every move .   what is the sense in telling a story about any person who cannot do wrong and will repeatedly win at everything every single time ?  what is the point of watching such a story ? 
to anyone not familiar with c . s .  forrester's book this film should be interesting .  it is colorful ,  well acted and depicts high adventure ,  but to those of us who know the original stories it is appalling .  i could hardly sit through it .   for some reason screen-writers seem compelled to rewrite the stories they are working on .  of course ,  the spoken word is different from the written word ,  and there are some episodes that would be difficult to film .  but ,  why do the screen-writers rewrite the story instead of just adapting it ?  in this case the writers out-did themselves .   just a few examples :  there was no mutiny on the renown .  the officers did take over the ship after the half-insane captain was driven completely mad when he fell through a hatchway -for reasons implied but never given .  there was no court martial .  the court of inquiry was conducted in an almost congratulatory atmosphere .  captain pellew does not appear appear in this part of the hornblower saga ,  nor does col .  ortega's wife .  hornblower ,  himself ,  was never in the brig either on the ship or on shore .  there are plenty of such manipulations of forrester's story .   on a purely technical basis ,  i think the film's repeated use of the flash-back device hurts the continuity of the story .   why ,  oh why did screen-writers have to mess up a good story ? 
this god forsaken film is about three dumb millionaires who gather a bunch of people to play a deadly game ,  and the winner gets a million dollars .  first of all ,  the acting is terrible ,  and the movie makes absolutely no sense at all .  it is not scary in the least bit ,  it is so stupid that it made me laugh ,  which is why it earned that 1 star . the movie is not violent at all ,  but is pretty sleazy and focuses mostly on the women's breasts the whole time ,  and some of the characters are very annoying and whiny .  plus ,  the monsters in this movie are so cheesy and fake and not scary that it just makes you want to throw something at the screen .  last ,  but not least the ending is terrible .  i don't want to give it away ,  in case you actually are strange enough to see this piece of junk .  avoid at all costs !  !  !  !  !   not rated  ( but should be r )  for nudity ,  profanity ,  and mild gore . 
a real head scratcher of a film by bill rebane who appeared to be getting worse in his trade throughout the eighties .  three crackpot millionaires invite nine people to a remote hotel to compete in a last person standing contest in which the final contestant will be given $1 million provided he or she makes it that far .  a series of lame pranks are pulled on some of the guests while the others engage in what most adults would do under the circumstances namely get shatfaced at the hotel bar .  most scenes are merely an excuse to focus the camera on various female body parts including an opening dance number that is a crossover of american bandstand meets geriatric aerobics complete with hookers .  if there was any hesitation that white people can't dance this scene hammers the final nail in that coffin .  pay close attention for the nipple slip .  this continues on for about forty-five minutes until bill rebane begins throwing darts at various plot twists and whatever he hits becomes the inspiration for the next scene making this one incoherent mess .  it's a game until it's not a game .  the three old coots are in complete control until they're not .  the hotel is possessed by a supernatural force until it becomes just props .  they're dead until they're not .  even the narrator at the end replies that he doesn't know what the hell happened .  i defy anyone to reason where rebane was going on this one .  the acting is dinner theater caliber minus the dinner .  most of the actors probably went back to their day jobs at the local stuckey's .  i give it a few points for the scene where the yuppie broad opens the closet and a skeleton is inside skull humping himself .  let's see gone with the wind do that !  this chilling classics collection is really becoming the bane of me .  bane ,  get it !  like rebane !  i hate myself . 
this complete mess of a movie was directed by bill rebane ,  the man partly responsible for the truly infamous anti-classic monster a-go go .  as i was nearing the end of the cold i came to the unbelievable conclusion that this film was in fact even worse than that 60's shocker .  the story  such as it is  is about three eccentric millionaires who invite a group of people to their remote mansion to play a series of macabre games .  whoever manages to last the pace and survive to the end will win $1 , 000 , 000 .  it's a very simple plot but rebane still somehow manages to make proceedings verge on incomprehensible .  things happen .  characters are completely forgotten about .  nothing makes too much sense .  and then it ends .  weirdly .  i mean what the hell was that ending all about exactly ?  i guess you are left to draw your own conclusions .  production values and acting are without question of a pornographic movie standard .  in truth pamela rohleder  ( shelly )  isn't even that good .  she is so unbelievably terrible she's compelling .  sadly the same thing cannot be said about this crap-fest as a whole ,  it's just a bargain basement rotter . 
this is one strange hacked together film ,  you get the feeling that the bond company had to come in on this one ,  i'm not surprised there's no credits on it ,  who would want to be associated with this film .  the acting of all involved is terribly stilted and the plot jumps around all over ,  it all makes very little sense .  as i said before it looks like the bond company had to come in because it seems like there was alot of footage that wasn't shot that needed to be ,  and all the music was very ill-fitting library music  ( cheap i guess )  .  very ,  very odd .  i might actually buy a dvd of it though ,  if it could let me in on what the hell was going on ,  and what happened to this movie . 
this is one lowly film .  it has no real plot .  we never are made privy to motivations ,  other than wealth .  the characters are some of the worst actors ever to be put on film .  the threat seems to be supernatural ,  but then it's being controlled by these three older people .  why are they doing what they are doing ;  in order to strike fear into other members of the group ?  i don't know .  there is some mist from a fog machine that rolls around in the halls and everyone seems to be scared of it .  does it do something ?  i don't know .  there's some nudity for its own sake .  i'm always surprised to see this in films this old .  things have actually settled down in this regard these days .  anyway ,  the people run around like chickens ,  ready for the ax .  they have no plan ;  no resources ;  no nothing .  there are about five silly climaxes in the film .  who are these people and  " is "  there a ghost or demon .  what happened to the other people ?  i challenge anyone to tell me this with any confidence .  what a mess . 
i can not believe such slanted ,  jingoistic material is getting passed off to americans as art house material .  early on ,  from such telling lines like  " we want to make sure they are playing for the right team "  and manipulative framing and lighting ,  a love divided shows it's true face .  the crass manner in which the irish catholics are shown as hegemonic ,  the protestants as peaceful and downtrodden ,  is as poor a representation of history as early us westerns that depict the struggle between cowboys and american indians .  the truth of the story is distorted with the stereotypes and outright vilification of the irish catholics in the story ;  a corruption admitted by the filmmakers themselves !  it is sad that people today still think that they can win moral sway by making a film so easily recognized for it's obvious intent ,  so far from attempting art .  this film has no business being anywhere in any legitimate cinema or library . 
this movie had what sounded like a good premise :  9 people facing their fears to win one million dollars .  unfortunately ,  it did not turn out to be a good movie .  there are several scenes that are way too long and really pointless like the dancing scene .  a few scenes are just an excuse to point the camera at female body parts .  the acting is bad ,  but some of the lines are amusing in their awfulness .  what's really strange is that towards the end of the movie it turns into like a 5 minute western ,  and at the end ,  the twists ,  of which their were several ,  don't make sense with the rest of the movie .  it seemed as though the director just added stuff on because he thought it would look cool ,  while conveniently ignoring the plot of the movie up to that point .  it just didn't make a lot of sense .  the only creepy thing was the old people dancing down the hall ,  but that doesn't even come close to making up for the rest of this mess . 
for a good half hour or so ,  i remember myself thinking :   " hey ,  this could very well be bill rebane's best achievement ever !  "  .  the opening sequences are atmospheric ,  there immediately are some scary moments to enjoy and our director even refers to his own notorious stinker  " the giant spider invasion "  in a playful way .  the concept is shamelessly stolen from william castle's  " house on haunted hill "  ,  with three old and extremely bored millionaires luring nine losers to an isolated mansion to win $1 , 000 , 000 in an elimination game .  naturally ,  the participants start vanishing quickly and one by one ,  and it takes the remaining greedy boneheads too much time before they realize either the old folks are sadists .  .  . or there's another murderer amongst them .  the film begins & ends with an odd narrator telling a lot of senseless stuff that isn't relevant or even interesting to the plot ,  but there's some nice t&a to admire in the first ten minutes and that dumb bimbo  ( shelly ,  i believe she's called )  is really hilarious to observe .  after the first half hour ,  naturally the inevitable happens and  " the cold "  turns into a textbook rebane-production with retarded plot twists ,  the dumbest dialogs ever and a total lack of excitement .  there wasn't any budget for bloody murder sequences but our multi-talented director  (  ?  )  tries to compensate this with endless footage of disco dancing girls and an amateur rock band .  the film also has four or even five different climaxes and none of them are a slight bit satisfying .  maybe it was an inspiration for lotr :  return of the king ?  avoid this film ,  you'll live longer and happier . 
am not familiar with the trilogy but came upon this film last night on showtime .  the film looked very well done with the set design and the cinematography ,  but the screenplay was stilted and wooden .  the acting was fairly bad- thought the two female leads were serviceable .  you never really believed anything the supporting actors said though .  there were the stereotypes- bible-thumping reverend without a hint of nuance ,  authoritative captain ,  hot-headed soldier ,  etc .  i am sorry to say that based on these deficiencies i clocked it straight away as canadian without knowing it to be such-the telefilm canada end credits gave it away .  i know i'm a horrible person .   maybe i missed something in the beginning but the hostility towards the girls is never explained .  here they are besieged in a fort by werewolves and the men are wasting time and energy brutalizing two young women for no reason .  focus people .  there's a bit more of a pressing situation beyond your walls than whether or not these girls are lesbians-that's just my inference for the hostility directed towards them .  if they can aim and fire a gun you might as well make nice with them .  the question of their  " immortal soul "  can be resolved later .   also ,  i guess this relates to the rest of the trilogy ,  these girls are supposed to be the protagonists ?  one of them murdered the indian guy at the end that saved one of their lives .  i guess one is just a victim of her condition who can't be necessarily blamed for her actions ,  but the other is just a murderer who doesn't deserve her happy ending . 
what a load of rubbish .  .  i can't even begin to describe how awful this film was .  the rating it has here is really hard to believe .   avoid .  .  .  particularly if you enjoyed the first ginger snaps .  the first one was well written ,  well directed ,  well executed .  .  a brilliant film with a fantastic aesthetic and atmosphere .  the second one was 'alrite'- decent as a self-standing film ,  but clearly not up to the level of the first .  .  .  the third is an insult to the series ,  period .  i rate the films :  10 ,  6 ,  1 .  it's that bad .   oh ,  and yes it really is set in the past ,  the sisters are still called ginger and b fitzgerald .  .  .  all muddled in with some half-assed native american mythology .  the sisters don't have any real story ,  or progression ,  or even a clear relationship .  .  .  they're just trying to survive and be 'together forever' .  that's about as deep as it gets .   staggered that the girls agreed to be in this pile-of-shite ,  after reading the script .   oh and another thing ,  staging of action was terrible- people appearing from nowhere regularly ,  like the girls turn around and there's an elaborate candle-lit setup with a mystic native american woman just sitting there ,  about to go into a speech .  sets were terrible ,  couldn't get away from the fact that it was all obviously based in a set ,  which really didn't help .  also ,  there was consistently snow outside the camp ,  but not a trace inside  (  .  . on the set )  .   arrghh ,  ,  ,  so bad !  i really was hoping it would be at least as good as the second one . 
this could be a cute movie for kids my grandson watched it once .  he was watching it a second time i was watching some of it with him .   when the little bear gets lost on the ice burg and he is in the water he is trying to get to a piece of ice it says  " come back stupid ass fool "  .   i don't want my 3 year old grandson watching movies with words like this in it .   that is why its rated for children .  should be child friendly .  that is what i would expect .  put out by warner brothers and g rated i would expect this to not have cuss words in it .  the words don't even fit the movie in most places as it seems added later .  and the movie drags out in many parts . 
this has got to be the cheesiest ,  stupidest ,  most retarded monster film of all time .  it's a complete joke that this even surfaced into theaters .  this is sort of like watching the loch ness monster in rural america .  this movie deserves to be thrown in a toilet and completely forgotten .  john carradine ,  shame on you .  the people involved in this moronic pile of trash need to be lobotomized .  wait !  maybe i'm giving them too much credit .  i'm sure they were lobotomized before the filming .  how else can one explain the utter and sheer stupidity that this bucket of crap contains .  don't waste a minute of your life watching this .  don't even waste your time sending a review . 
 " true "  story of a late monster that appears when an american industrial plant begins polluting the waters .  amusing ,  though not really good ,  monster film has lots of people trying to get the monster and find out whats going on but not in a completely involving way .  give it points for giving us a giant monster that they clearly built to scale for some scenes but take some away in that it looks like a non threatening puppy .  an amusing exploitation film thats enjoyably silly in the right frame of mind .   ( my one complaint is that the print used on the elvira release is so poor that it looks like a well worn video tape copy that was past its prime 20 years ago .  ) 
i could barely keep myself from either nodding off or just turning off this turd ,  but i decided to stick it out if only for the reasoning that maybe *something* would happen .  this is the work of a writer/producer/director/special fx ,  kenneth herts ,  who wants to make a statement on ecological damage while making a monster movie .  that's what he wanted ,  anyway .  what it turns out to be is a lot of acting ,  either slightly hammy or just mundane and without much merit ,  and scenes that seem to repeat themselves as the monster attacks in the river waters  ( oh ,  and what luck ,  a woman just happens to be naked in it .  .  .  even though there have already been disappearances !  )    this is just nonsensical stuff ,  but i suppose it's not too harmful ;  it's not very obnoxious at the least and once or twice we get a semi-interesting peek at brazilian  " culture "   ( which is the father walking through town with his flock or other pieces of a semblance of 'hey ,  this is not america ! ' )  .  but whatever hope the director had in casting mitchum or carradine is squandered on at best pedestrian and at worst excruciatingly banal and dumb dialog .  it doesn't help that when we finally get something of a good look at the monster and the  " action "  happens ,  it too is stupidly staged and with only sleazy appeal .  usually i would feel sorry for a filmmaker who had a lot of problems getting a particular picture finished- in this case it took the better part of the mid 70s- but with monstroid or monster or whatever it's called .  .  .  nah .   if you happen to get the elvira dvd double-feature of this  ( bad print with bad transfer quality )  with blue sunshine ,  make sure to skip this one .  unless ,  of course ,  you're an elvira die-hard and can't help yourself to hear her luscious commentary ;  personally ,  i'd rather get joel or mike nelson with the robots from mystery science theater on this roast turkey . 
tough guys ,  sexy women ,  lots of swearing ,  and a most unconvincing monster that rises from the depths of a polluted lake .  you'd think  " monster "  would be fun .  .  . but it isn't ,  really .  it does star tony eisley and john carradine ,  however ,  and in my book that makes it worth viewing at least once .  in an interview with  " fangoria "  in 1987 ,  eisley recalled that herbert strock had directed the bulk of the film ,  but somehow kenneth hartford--who only directed the footage featuring his children andrea and glenn  ( portraying characters named andrea and glenn ,  in a particularly inventive turn ) --received full credit .  considering how awful the end result was ,  strock was probably glad that he hadn't been credited !   " monster "  has the look and feel of a mid-to-late-seventies tv movie ,  which is why i like to leave it on in the background every so often .  as entertainment it falls flat on its face ,  but as a reminder of another age and a vanished type of film-making ,  it's very effective .  the only thing that's missing is a car chase . 
monster is a mind numbingly awful movie about an evil american concrete factory  ( are there any else in hollywood ?  )  polluting the waters of the small colombian town of chimayo somehow creating a catfish-like beast with a predilection for lamb and loose women .  james mitchum is bill travis the man who is sent down to chimayo by his foul-mouthed boss barnes who himself can't keep his hands off of his secretary's rear to get to the bottom  ( pun intended )  of the story .  while in chimayo bill must contend with an annoying reporter who apparently broadcasts all of her stories in perfect english directly back to america .  i guess in the seventies there was a market for news from small south american towns .  there is also a radical named sanchez that wishes to sabotage the factory for polluting the water which ,  by the way ,  also supplies the town with jobs for the locals ,  but why let cold hearted economics get in the way of touchy-feely enviro-marxism .  pete the factory boss is unwittingly aided by the monster when he has sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach ,  tells her that he is seeing the mayor's daughter juanita and it's over between them ,  then she is promptly eaten that night .  a little side action without the evidence .  my hat is off to you sir .  john carradine rounds out the cast as a priest that believes the monster is sent by god to punish sinners .  you can see the contempt he has for being in this movie in his face .  might as well filmed him running to the local currency exchange to see if his check didn't bounce .   supposedly based on a true story ,  so much so they say it twice in the opening credits ,  this film is awful on all fronts .  filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later when kenneth hartford put his foot on the throat of monster by adding his two annoying children as new characters ,  even putting his daughter ,  andrea in top billing with mitchum and carradine .  the sound quality is nonexistent and most of the scenes seem as if someone smeared tar over the camera before filming .  this is made even more tedious during the many scenes done at night .  the monster itself is laughable as it rears its ugly rubbery head for the anticlimactic ending .  james mitchum along with his brother chris are proof that nepotism in the acting industry needs to be curtailed .  utterly unwatchable dreck .  shame on you john carradine . 
what has ireland ever done to film distributers that they seek to represent the country in such a pejorative way ?  this movie begins like a primer for film students on irish cinematic cliches :  unctuous priests ,  spitting before handshakes ,  town square cattle marts ,  cycling by country meadows to the backdrop of anodyne folk music .  quickly ,  however ,  it becomes apparent that the main theme of the film is the big daddy-o of irish cliches - religous strife .  it concerns a protestant woman who wants to decide where her catholic-fathered child is educated ,  which would seem like a reasonable enough wish ,  though not to the '50's county wexford villagers she has to live with .  rather than send them to a catholic school ,  she decides to up and leave for belfast ,  then scotland ,  where a few more cliches are reguritated .  while she's there ,  her father  ( who looks eerily like george lucas )  and family back home are subjected to a boycott ,  which turns very nasty .  i'm not going to give away the ending ,  not because i think people should go see this movie ,  but because it's not very interesting .  one of the problems with the film is the central character :  we're supposed to sympathise with her but end up instead urging her to get a life .  the villagers are presented as bigots whose prejudices should be stood up to ,  but traumatising your kids seems an innappropriate way to go about it .  in addition ,  it takes on burdens which it staggers igniminiously under when it tries to draw analogies with the current northern ireland peace process :  the woman is told by her lawyer that she  " must lay down preconditions "  for her return .  the film is allegedly based on a true story but it's themes have been dealt with much more imaginatively ,  and with less recourse to hackneyed cliches ,  in the past . 
hey hulu . com is playing the elvira late night horror show on their site and this movie is their under the name monsteroid ,  good fun to watch elvira comment on this crappy movie  .  .  .  . have fun with bad movies .  anyways this movie really has very little value other than to see how bad the 70's were for horror flicks bad effects ,  bad dialog ,  just bad movie making .  avoid this unless you want to laugh at it .  while you are at hulu check out the other movies that are their right now there is 10 episodes and some are pretty decent movies with good plots and production and you can watch a lot of them in 480p as long as you have a decent speed connection . 
this is a wonderfully goofy example of a self produced ,  written and directed vanity project  .  .  . while i was working as a crew member john carradine commented to me  ( before the burning at the stake sequence )  :   " this is the worst piece of sh*t i've ever worked on  .  .  . and i've worked on a lot of pieces of sh*t .  "  also an interesting moment earlier when jim mitchum was having trouble with his lines and started cursing in the courtyard location of the santuario  ( a religious shrine in chimayó )  - at which point one of the local  " vato loco "  low-rider onlookers growled  "  .  .  . show some respect man "  ,  which apparently caused jim to remember where he was ,  as he then made a very profound and heartfelt apology for his inappropriate behavior .  in any case the crew did the job on deferment and were never fully paid - but came away with plenty of particularly bizarre stories - like the night we caught the producer/director's 10 year old son entertaining himself by constructing miniature burmese tiger traps for us to break our legs in .  like they say :   " ya gotta' love the biz .  .  .  " 
i didn't know this was a silent movie with narration .  i don't care for silent movies - the corny humor ,  flickering lighting and film ,  etc .  i'm sure that attributes to the low score i assigned it .  it was about chapter 8 before i found any interest in this story and had i had popcorn i may have thrown it at the screen .  maybe this appeals to the sci-fi crowd ?  the only thing missing was a zombie scene and a brain transplant .  i went with two other people on a friday night and there were a total of 6 people in the entire theater .  isabella rosselinni narrated this movie - the one enjoyable aspect of the movie .  no one left commenting how much they enjoyed this nor appreciated the unusual approach to telling this story .  i cannot recommend this movie . 
i should have never watched this movie .  the style of filming may be considered artsy to some ,  but it is considered migraine-inducing to me .  i think it may have had an interesting plot ,  but since i couldn't watch it for long stretches at a time i missed a lot .  the flickering pictures and stop motion filming branded my brain .  i stopped watching mid way through and won't be back for a second try .  i suppose if i were home alone in my own lighthouse some dark and stormy evening ,  this might be just the ticket .  .  .  ps not sure if the lighthouse/ film style thing can be considered a spoiler ,  but i don't want to be blacklisted on my first review  ;  ) 
this is one of those films that's more interesting to watch from an academic perspective than from an entertainment perspective .  i do my ratings based on how much i enjoyed or was entertained by the movie ,  so i'm giving it a 4 .  if i were to rate it as an academic film ,  though ,  it would get a 10 .   it is shot in a very interesting manner ,  like a pseudo-silent film with elements of sound effect and reality .  it's meant to convey disjointed memory and fragmentation of the mind ,  and it is interesting in these respects .   however ,  the film has a lot of disgusting elements to it that i didn't find all that entertaining .  they're mainly just disturbing .  it has some very interesting imagery too ,  and some interesting concepts ,  but some of the character relationships  ( especially between the mother and son )  are pretty disturbing .   in all ,  this film will either appeal to you or it won't .  for me ,  it was interesting from an academic perspective ,  but it wasn't a good watch ,  and i'll probably not go back to it a second time .   4/10 if you're looking for entertainment .  10/10 from an academic standpoint . 
i've noticed how all the other reviews of this film mention how  " wholesome "  and  " entertaining "  it is .  these people need to get out of the house more often .  i don't know why they're shilling for this vapid ,  insipid ,  brainless piece of fluff .  pat boone has absolutely no acting talent whatsoever ,  and his ineptness is exceeded only by that of his co-star pamela austin ,  a former model  ( yet one more reason to outlaw the insidious practice of inflicting talentless models on an unsuspecting moveiegoing public ,  a foul habit that unfortunately persists to this day )  .  a good supporting cast  ( terry-thomas ,  edward everett hortyon ,  among others )  tries hard to make some sense out of this ,  but to no avail .  i noticed that two directors shared credit ,  although  " credit "  isn't the word i would use  ( neither is  " director "  )  .  as for  " wholesome entertainment ,  "  there are plenty of those types of movies available without torturing your loved ones by forcing them to sit through this .  find one of those films ,  and skip this one . 
while not exactly offensive ,  the 1967 version of  " the perils of pauline "  is certainly moronic .  the title might lead you to expect a tribute to pearl white  ( the original pauline in the 1914 silent 20 episode serial )  but for that you would be better served by the 1947 version starring betty hutton .  this 1967 version is like a mix of  " casino royale "  and the weakest of the elvis movies .  worst of all it is not a blend of these but more like someone scotch-taped together segments from each so that the thing skips back and forth between the two styles .    what unity there is in the production comes from the pairing of pamela austin  ( pauline )  and pat boone  ( george steadman )  ,  a good match because both lack even the most basic of acting skills  ( imagine mandy moore playing opposite dan quayle )  .    austin would later play opposite john aston in  " evil roy slade "  ,  with the talent disparity between them actually painful to watch .  in the mid-60's she was the  " dodge rebellion "  girl ,  as such she was featured in a similar series of perilous situations-imagine sandra dee in a dark blue jumpsuit .  when the automaker's ad agency replaced her with the  " dodge fever "  girl someone got the bright idea to showcase her in a feature film .    what story there is here begins with pauline growing up in the baskerville foundling home run by the actress who played mrs .  chatsworth osborne sr .  on  " dobie gillis "  .  george falls in love with her  ( pauline-not mrs osborne )  and sabotages several opportunities she has to be adopted .  george leaves to seek his fortune and 19 year old pauline gets a job tutoring a young oil rich middle eastern prince .  when he tries to add the attractive blonde to his harem she runs away and goes from peril to peril .  these include african pygmies ,  a 99½ year-old millionaire who wants to freeze her until his one year-old grandson is old enough for marriage ,  the movie industry ,  and the russian space program .   all this is intended to be silly and charming but manages only the silly part .  there is some effort to incorporate a silent film look to the action sequences by simulating the under- cranking of a camera  ( which speeds up the action )  .  unfortunately everything else  ( film stock ,  production design ,  editing )  is depressingly 1960's .  nothing here even approaches the images of pearl white strapped to a log moving toward a buzz-saw or tied to railway track waiting for the approaching train .   then again ,  what do i know ?  i'm only a child . 
like some of the other folks who have reviewed this film ,  i was also waxing nostalgic about it .  .  . before i had the misfortune to actually watch it again .  alas ,  my childhood memories of this film were completely untrustworthy ,  and the perils of pauline is now revealed to be an embarrassing exercise in banal ,  racist ,  and plain boring film-making .  even the presence of old pros edward everett horton and terry-thomas can't overcome a rancid screenplay ,  a horrible theme song ,  and some wretched 'special effects' .  in addition ,  the stereotypical depictions of african and arab characters make for painful viewing ,  especially considering this was produced in the immediate wake of the civil rights movement .  michael weldon's original psychotronic encyclopedia reports that the perils of pauline was originally produced for television but inexplicably ended up getting a theatrical release .  judging from the results ,  that is a completely believable  ( and baffling )  scenario . 
i've seen the original non-dubbed german version and i was surprised how bad this movie actually is .  thinking i had seen my share of bad movies like ghoulies 2 ,  rabid grannies ,  zombie lake and such ,  nothing could've prepared me for this !  it really was a pain to sit through this flick ,  as there's no plot ,  no good acting and even the special effects aren't convincing ,  especially the so-called zombies ,  wearing nothing more than white make-up and their old clothes ,  so their good set wouldn't be ruined by ketchup and marmalade stains .    if you really want to waste 90 minutes of your life ,  then watch it ,  for all the others ,  don't do it ,  because you will regret it ! 
a movie best summed up by the scene where a victim simulates disembowelment by pulling some poor animal's intestines out from under her t-shirt .  too terrible for words . 
this really is one of the worst movies ever made .  i consider myself a huge zombie film fan and usually tolerate bad acting ,  lame  " special effects "  a dumb story and whatever you may encounter in second rate movies ,  as long as the film has a good atmosphere/story/suspension or whatever to offer .  this one has basically no positive aspect to it and is third or fourth rate ,  maybe worse .  some friends of mine and myself made a small movie during a week´s holiday and definitely did a better job  ( no zombie film though )  .   this flick is not even funny ,  not speaking of anything else .  really bad and redundant special effects ,  zombies that look like normal people  ( except for a white additional skin pulled over their faces )  ,  way to much fake blood  ( i like realism a lot ,  the combination of realism and zombie films being debatable ,  but the presented gore is just plain silly )  .  the camera stays quite long with feedings scenes ,  it gets boring and you cannot help but wonder ,  why the zombies use weapons  (  !  )  to kill their prey .  i will not go into the details of the dubbing  ( others have done so )  .  although i am from germany myself and am at least a bit curious about the original version ,  i will not waste more of my time with this movie .   keep away from it ,  as far as you can . 
this movie is god awful .  not one quality to this movie .  you would think that the gore would be good but it sucks bad .  the effects are worse and the acting if you can call it acting is the worst i've ever seen .  this movie was obviously shot on a camcorder and runs on a budget around 500 dollars probably .  if you want to watch a good zombie movie than watch dawn of the dead or day of the dead .  if you want to watch a good cheap shot on video zombie movie like this but way better than watch redneck zombies .  please avoid this movie at all costs .  it is unwatchable and pointless .  you've been warned .  i've got nothing else to say about this stupid movie . 
seriously ,  i mean very seriously ,  when i first started watching the show i thought it was good .  but the plots just got worse .  the storyline were either too boring or predictable .  george isn't always funny ,  he sometimes acts stupid .  his jokes are overdone .  his mom is the silliest character of the show .  how can a mother treat her own son that way ,  okay if it was the daughter in law ,  but this was her own son .  i give this show a 4/10 just because the first few shows were a little funny .  the actors constance marie and masiela lusha do a great job .  don't know how these shows get to play for so long .    if you're really bored like i was and have nothing else to watch ,  i'd suggest you watch this . 
first ,  i am not really a fan of the whole  " things eating flesh in disgusting new ways "  genre of film but i am a bad movie afficionado so my next door neighbor said he had the worst movie ever .  this one .  so we start watching it .  first and foremost - it is recorded on a camcorder sans tripod !  second the voice of the skinny white doctor is dubbed by a large black man !  third ,  none of the dialogue makes any sense .  fourth ,  the zombie scenes ,  though unconvincing and chockful of poor makeup and tomato paste ,  lead me to believe the director  ( and my next door neighbor )  are in need of psychological help .  it's funny for about 5 minutes but it gets old fast .  it's so amateurish it's like watching a poorly dubbed high school video yearbook .  .  .  .  with zombies .  a note to anyone involved with this movie - i want the 20 minutes of my life i spent watching this ,  before i fell asleep ,  back . 
wow ,  not only is this film a  " new lesson in real bad taste ,  "  but also a lesson in  " real bad film making .  "  don't get me wrong ,  i appreciated the concept of 'zombie '90 :  extreme pestilence , ' but at the same time one must realize when a movie is terrible .  in case you missed out on the storyline ,  the plot of 'zombie '90' is about a government plane carrying toxic chemicals that so happens to crash into the wilderness ,  causing the chemicals to spill ,  turning locals into hideous looking zombies .  the next thing you know ,  zombies are all over the city eating people alive ,  while a goofy-looking doctor and a government agent are trying to figure out the disease that's making these people eat one another - hence the name  " extreme pestilence .  "  from then on ,  all we see is zombies having a field day on every local in sight - nothing but extreme and sickening disembowelments and dismemberments accompanied by endless buckets of guts and gore .  since this is a german film ,  the film had to be dubbed into english and when you're not laughing at the feeding frenzies of the zombies ,  the voice-overs are quite hilarious and entertaining as well .  as user unratedx mentioned *spoiler* *spoiler* *spoiler* ,  there is a scene in the film that crosses the line between what's acceptable and not acceptable ,  hence the scene in which a woman ,  who is carrying her infant baby ,  is being wheeled around in her wheelchair by some dude and a horde of zombies come out of nowhere and attack them .  one zombie grabs the baby and rips it into pieces ,  eating its organs as you hear the baby crying .  wow ,  that is a new lesson in reallllllllly bad taste .  atrocious i tell you ,  atrocious . 
this is one of the worst movies i've ever encountered ,  but i want to say that some of the criticisms i had heard turned out to be unwarranted .  .   as far as pure film-making technique goes ,  this director is competent .  he's held back by the limited budget and the vhs camera ,  but the actual editing ,  camera angles ,  camera movements and scene staging are pretty professional .  i've seen many movies where the  " directing "  was much worse .  at least the scenes flow in a way that is not confusing and he has a few clever shots here and there .  also ,  the forest scenes contained a decent atmosphere .  there is only so much you can do with a vhs camera ,  and he does a nice job as far as the technicalities go .  as far as artistic merit ,  there is none .  the scene where the camera pans down so that we can watch a guy urinate in the woods for 15 seconds sort of epitomizes the artistic style of the whole film .  this is pure trash .  .  .  total garbage .   the gore is decent for a film in this budget range .   ,  it's obviously fake but there's lot's of it ,  and it's very outlandish .  .   i saw the american version with the intentionally campy dubbing .  this was a good idea  ( and it's the only thing that allowed me to make it through the film )  .  .  .  unfortunately ,  it's overdone ,  especially towards the end .   it's really a terrible film ,  but i have to recommend it for it's camp value .  it's really hard to find a movie that's worse than this and that sort of puts it in a unique category . 
this review is based on the dubbed shock-o-rama video released on an undeserving world in 2002 .  how bad is it ?  it's awful ,  which is what a '1' represents on the imdb scale--but it's much worse than that .  it's nice to imagine that an original german-language print might improve matters--the comedic english-language dubbing isn't funny at all--but truthfully ,  this is one of the worst amateur films of any genre you're likely to see .  the zombies in the film are as slow and clumsy as ever ,  and they don't seem to have the ability to speak or think about anything beyond their next meal .  however ,  they're also intelligent enough to operate chainsaws and malicious enough to know that western taboos about genitalia will no doubt enliven their dinner table conversation .  george romero's land of the dead posited a zombie nation that retained a shred of social coherence ;  here ,  zombies are nothing more than an empty canvas for the perverse imaginings of director andreas schnaas .  utterly without redeeming social value ,  and even worse ,  entirely lacking as entertainment ,  zombie '90 is a bad joke on anyone who wastes money on it . 
what in god's name happened here ?  how does one go about creating what is practically a cheap knockoff of redneck zombies ?  was zombie '90 ever supposed to entertain someone  .  .  . anyone ,  or even make a dollars profit ?  but mainly ,  what happened here ?    zombie '90 extreme pestilence was directed by a lunatic by the name of andreas schnaas ,  who specializes in earth-shattering gore films ,  such as goblet of gore ,  and anthropophagus 2000 ,  and some of which contain profanity in the titles .  in the gore department ,  this one isn't much different than the rest .  although ,  the level of ineptness  .  .  . well ,  earth-shattering .   zombie '90 extreme pestilence is as bad as peter jackson's dead-alive is gory ,  think about it .   getting too specific with the story would be a waste of time .  an accident ,  involving chemicals causes the dead to come back ,  and eat the living .  never has the concept been treated in such a manner .  the gore effects are a whole ,  new low .  just a z-grade nightmare .  i can't tell whether ,  or not this was originally meant to be funny ,  somehow ,  i doubt the english dubbing was being very true to the original script ,  but stranger things have happened .  the whole thing just reminds me of a shot-on-video introduction to a troma movie ,  except it lasts a hell of a lot longer .   i've seen only one film that was worse than this ,  the chooper .   for proof that andreas schnaas is an actual director ,  i would highly recommend nikos the impaler if you think you have no standards in what you look for in a bad movie ,  give extreme pestilence a try ,  but you've been warned .  it takes nerves of steel to make it all the way through .  but if gore is all you're here for ,  then you might be able to stomach this one .  other than that ,  no atmosphere ,  no ,  and i mean no budget ,  no entertainment value ,  but mostly ,  no pride .  show some pride ,  schnaas .  1/10   updated 7/5/09 :  after a few more viewings of zombie '90 ,  i've had a change of heart ,  or i guess i just get it now .  zombie '90 is hilarious ,  so nevermind the harsh words ,  although ,  extreme pestilence still only deserves one star . 
beyond dirt cheap ,  this shot-on-video exercise in ineptitude was difficult to get through .  it's got the typical gore that you'd expect in a zombie movie ,  but none of the required atmosphere to make it worth while .   what's strange is that this is an amateur german video ,  and the version i saw is english-dubbed !  the dubbers seem to be american fans  ( penpals of the germans ?  !  )  who can't decide whether they want to play it straight or turn it into a comedy .  one character  ( a white german ,  of course )  is dubbed by a black guy apparently ,  who speaks with thick ebonics !  'kno wahm sayin' ,  comrad ? 
i will keep this as short as possible as this piece of crap barely warrants a mention .  zombie 90 is one of the worst films ever made - right up there with schnaas' other horrible zombie entry - zombie doom  ( aka violent sh ! t 3 )  .  these films suck so bad that everyone involved in their creation should be shot .  i somehow managed  ( barely .  .  .  )  to sit through zombie doom - but zombie 90 is so horribly inept - even when compared to schnaas' other horrible film - that i had to fast-forward through everything after the first 10 minutes .  zero acting skills ,  inept gore ,  horrible camcorder-style camera-work ,  ridiculous dubbing .  .  . it just goes on and on .  i really can't find a single thing redeeming about this garbage - and i can usually find something redeeming in just about any film .  this truly is one of the worst films ever made - you've been warned .  .  . 1/10
a chemical spill is turning people into zombies .  it's up to two doctor's to survive the epidemic .  it's an andreas schnaas film so you know what the par for the course will be .  bad acting ,  horribly awful special effects ,  and no budget to speak of .  the dubbing is ridiculous with a capital r and the saddest thing is that i feel compelled to write one word about this piece of excrement ,  much less the ten lines mandatory because of the guidelines placed on me by imdb .  my original review of merely one word :  crap wouldn't fly so i have to revise it and go more in to how bad it is .  but i don't know if i can ,  so .  .  wait i think i may have enough words ,  or lines rather to make this review pass .  which is cool ,  i guess .  so in summation :  this movie sucks balls ,  don't watch it .   my grade :  f
this show is awful .  how is george wanting the death of his mother funny ?  this show is terrible .  the parents are obviously horrible and the children should be taken to child services .  the daughter is a witch with a b and the son is just a complete brat .  george isn't funny ,  especially when he speaks his loud and obnoxious brand of spanglish .  ernie is a loser ,  but at least i've chuckled at him a few times ,  but mainly at how pathetic he is .  george's mother ,  benny ,  in an awful ,  despicable character .  sure ,  her husband left her ,  but how anyone can laugh at the way she treated george as a baby is beyond me .   can someone explain to me how george's head being big is funny ?  it's not even that big !  i've moved on from characters because they're too awful and it would take hours for me to write and i ,  frankly ,  don't care enough .  i do care enough to tell anyone looking at this and wondering whether or not they want to watch this show ,  that this show is an abysmal excuse for a sitcom ,  and is not worth your time .   i give it 2 starts ,  because the wife is extremely attractive . 
 " the secretary "  is one of those cheesy ,  cliched ,   " thrillers "  that one is subjected to watching on a sunday afternoon ,  when there is virtually nothing else on .  while the plot  ( a demented woman becomes jealous of all who succeed over her in the office and decides to do whatever she can to stop them )  may be one of a kind ,  i recognized countless plot twists ,  probably taken from other tv movies that i had been subjected to for the very same reason .   to make matters worse ,  i was not wild about the cast .  mel harris is one of those actresses who appears in so many tv movies as either a  " mom "  or some sort of  " victim "  of foul play or abuse ,  that one must wonder the kind of life she leads .  in this one ,  she gets the joy of playing a mom and a victim of psycho secretary sheila kelly ,  who was not a very good choice as the villain .  while sheila kelly has made some good career moves ( singles ,  breaking in ,  and i guess ,  law and order )  ,  she is also beset by a string of pitiful tv movie roles ,  and this one just adds to it .  as for the others ,  i don't have any clear memories of them ,  so that must say something .   this one will play on the lifetime network ( i think that's where i saw it )  ,  but don't bother watching it ,  unless you are too bored for words .  not that it will make you any more excitied .  .  . 
the temp  ( 1993 )  didn't do much theatrical business ,  but here's the direct-to-video rip-off you didn't want ,  anyway !  ellen bradford  ( mel harris )  is the new woman at millennium investments ,  a high scale brokerage firm ,  who starts getting helpful hints from wide-eyed secretary deidre  ( sheila kelley )  .  deidre turns out to be an ambitious daddy's girl who will stop at nothing to move up the corporate ladder ,  including screwing a top broker she can't stand and murdering anyone who gets on her bad side .  she digs up skeletons in ellen's closet ,  tries to cause problems with her husband  ( barry bostwick )  ,  kills while making it look like she is responsible ,  kidnaps her daughter and tries to get her to embezzle money from the company .   harris and kelley deliver competent performances ,  the supporting cast is alright and it's reasonably well put-together ,  but that doesn't fully compensate for a script that travels down a well-worn path and offers few surprises . 
an actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display ,  and this film is no exception .   but worse than that ,  even by 1982 standards this is so bad ,  it's hysterically funny .  filmed entirely in the chicago area on an obviously small budget ,  most of the acting by the entire cast is stiff ,  wooden ,  and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater .  noise from nearby traffic often drowns out the dialog ,  and the dialog is truly bad ,  very declarative in a way that comes off as forced and expedient rather than natural and organic .  scenes are contrived and choppy ,  and even though the characters go through a span of years ,  neither the children nor the adults age at all .   i do believe it's possible to make a christian film that's palatable to a large ,  secular audience ,  but too often the creators of such films are so focused on 'the message' or in this case ,  their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values are tossed aside .   ( i'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member .  )    luckily ,  michael madsen was much more interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films .  careers like his are certainly not built on films like this one . 
poor michael madsen ;  he must be kicking himself to know folks have found out about this horrible flick .  i really can't think of anything worse i have ever seen ,  except amateur porn .  it's that bad ,  and all here ;  wooden acting ,  bad script ,  crappy moral ending ,  you hate it and it is in this movie .   my question is :   " who the hell put $$$ into this piece of doggy doo ?  at least we could have seen michael's sister virginia nude in a scene ,  but i don't think even that would save this stinker .  .  .   for a cool guy that has made some exception movies ,  i want to know what wacky church sponsored this piece of crapola . 
i picked this dvd up at the dollar store .  the dvd was on the 2 for $1 rack ,  but since it had michael madsen in it ,  i thought that since i had never seen the movie ,  i bought it anyway .   i must say that i didn't like the movie .  the movie played more like a documentary or an advertisement for religion than anything else .  i found that the director's use of flashbacks did not add to the story line for me .  i would have preferred to view the story line in chronological order .   i won't throw it away like one of the other commentators ,  but it may be quite awhile before i would consider watching this movie again .   who knows ,  since it was michael madsen's film debut ,  maybe it might have some archival value at some future date . 
i am a huge michael madsen fan ,  so needless to say ,  i bought this movie without even renting it or anything .  .  .  this movie was so horrible ,  i didn't even take it back to the store ,  i wouldn't want anyone else to be subjected to this human poison ,  i just threw it in the trash ,  never mind the money ,  it was worth the price to be able to throw it away .  the acting wasn't that bad ,  it wasn't good or anything .  the story was horrible ,  and the ending was something i despise .  he was a broken man ,  alcoholic .  his life was a bunch of junk .  i thought his horse ,  peanuts ,  was an awful device to show his childhood innocence ,  a dog would have been much much better .  i also hate religion ,  so this ending without a doubt angered me .  jesus heals all .  .  .  i hate that i know people just like this that are huge christians and catholics ,  and time will show that god doesn't heal all ,  or anything .  it was a horrible movie ,  if u have the option to see it ,  pass ,  or better yet buy it ,  or rent it ,  and throw it in the garbage ,  and leave the coffee grounds on it in the morning
definitely an odd debut for michael madsen .  madsen plays cecil moe ,  an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him .  cecil grabs a phone book ,  looks up the name of a preacher ,  and calls him in the middle of the night .  he goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems .  the preacher teaches cecil to respect the word of god and have jesus in his heart .  that makes everything all better .  ahh .  .  . if only everything in life were that easy .  the fact that this  " film "  looks as if it was made with about $500 certainly doesn't help .  1/10
against all hope is a very poorly made ,  sometimes painfully so ,  movie .  this is michael madsen's first movie ,  and it shows ,  he isn't that good in it .  some people might find the story laughable ;  an alcoholic realizes his life and family are falling apart so he calls a preacher as a last resort for help .  after telling the preacher his story ,  he accepts jesus christ into his heart .    i actually found many of the religious scenes ,  as when cecil moe  ( madsen )  goes to a church but walks away from it ,  pretty realistic .  i also liked how cecil knows his life is breaking apart and tries to get help ,  but realizes only god can help him .  at the end he realizes with the help of god he can go through life without drinking again .   this movie is not well made at all .  the acting is bad ,  the script could use some work ,  and looks worse than my home videos ,  but it has a good message .  now ,  just because you become a christian doesn't mean you will automatically be able to stop an addiction or heal your broken family ,  and cecil realizes this and works hard to stay on track .  overall ,  if your a christian you will appreciate how this movie portrays christianity and if you aren't ,  you may find yourself being called to find out more about the faith . 
here's how you do it :  believe in god and repent for your sins .  then things should turn around within the next day or so .    until the last fifteen minutes ,  this movie just plays as a bad recap of a drunk's crappy life .  his mom dies .  his stepmom's a b_tch .  his dad dies .  he drinks .  he gets married .  he has kids .  he drinks some more .  his wife gets mad .  he disappoints his kids .  the wife threatens to leave .  he calls up a reverend late night b/c he wants to kill himself .  then after the recap happens ,  that's when we get the  " left behind " -like subtle message .    " he needed a paycheck "  .  this is the phrase i had to repeat over and over once credits started to roll so i wouldn't lose my respect for madsen .   madsen drops to his knees and begs christ's forgiveness .  once he does ,  he walks outside and actually says that he sees the world in a different way .  he tells his wife that he's found god and that's good enough for her .  flip scene four months and the wife is tired of going to church .  end the movie as madsen walks by the bar and gives a soliloquy about how happy he is with christ and without alcohol .  final moment ?  he gives a little dismissive wave to the bar  ( i . e .  sin house )  and give a gay ,  miami-vice ,  after-school special congratulatory jump in the air as the camera freeze-frames .  see why i had to repeat the phrase ?   " he needed a paycheck "  .   man this movie is bad .  the b-grade 80's production values don't help much .  the script could have easily been a  " touched by an angel "  episode .  it could have been knocked out in 30 minutes plus commercials .  the acting is wooden and never believable .  even madsen ,  of whom i'm a big fan and is the sole reason i sat through this ,  makes it clear that this is his first acting job and he doesn't know his a$$ from his elbow yet on camera .  45 minutes into it i started to get discouraged .  this thing was like homework .  i just wanted to put it away and say that alright ,  i saw half of it .  that's good enough .  but no .  if i sat through cheerleader ninjas ,  i could sit throughout this .   the only reason i'm not giving this thing a 1 is for two points :  1 )  i love madsen .  i know it's not fair .  but it's great seeing the opening title  " introducing michael madsen "  .  sue me .  2 )  some of the dialogue is so bad that it's classic .  i'll stick some quotes at the end of this so you can enjoy them too .   that's about it .  to wrap it up  , this thing is a piece of crap that should stay flushed with the rest of the turds .  but hey !  look !  michael madsen !   ( see also tilt ,  executive target ,  my boss's daughter ,  etc )  .  now i've gotta rewatch reservoir dogs and watch madsen torture a cop to get my respect back for him .  see ya ,  kids .    " this stuff's gonna make me go blind ,  but i'm gonna drink it anyway "  - madsen's first taste of cheap alcohol   " i don't understand !  everything seems so beautiful !  "  - madsen walking outside after confessing to god   " i'm going downtown later and pick up a bible and i'm gonna get a haircut too "  - madsen after converting at the dinner table ,  because satan lives in your hair
this show was absolutely terrible .  for one george isn't funny ,  and his kids are snobby little brats .  he also treats his mother with no respect .  as a hispanic ,  i am highly offended by this show and the way the characters are portrayed .   plus the dysfunctional family thing's been done to death .  for once ,  i want to see something original .  what makes this show funny when other shows have done it millions of times ?  i thought abc would come to its senses and pull this piece of garbage off the air ,  but sadly ,  we're going to have to stomach this until they  " jump the shark "  .   in my opinion ,  they already did . 
in a summer that also boasted such repugnant stinkers as snakes on a plane and the da vinci code ,  that's a pretty bold statement .  but i stand by it nonetheless .  superman returns ,  like king kong 6 months before it ,  is overlong ,  hyper-indulgent and with cgi up to the eyeballs .  my god ,  this stuff is doing my head in .   richard donner had the idea of 'keep it real' for his 2 outings .  and i do find his approach to the special and optical effects to be the most appropriate .  brian singer bombards us with so much cgi that it really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you are watching a wannabe blockbuster that thinks that the only way to impress an audience is to spend $250 million  ( a totally irresponsible amount of money )  on obnoxious visual effects that don't live up to the hype .  we've seen everything and been everywhere that cgi can take us .  there's no real atmosphere or involvement in this .  and for a film that is 95% made up of this crap .  .  . well you figure it out .   i've read so many reviews from fanboy critics about how the movie has 'soul' or 'a human heart' or 'tender character moments' .  puh-lease !  we've already had brooding superheros silently screaming 'you'd love me if you knew who i am' dozens of times already in recent years and sr offers absolutely nothing new in this regard .  even the plot is recycled garbage .  lex luthor  ( a seriously mis-cast and hammy kevin spacey )  plotting to destroy the landmass of america was done in the first film already !  and ,  well .  .  . that's your lot !  it's amazing that they managed to draw out this junk to 2 . 5 painful hours !  even if the cast were likable it would make it less unbearable .  but brandon routh has the on screen personality of a mahogany hat-stand ,  kate bosworth is completely unconvincing as a pulitzer prize-winning journalist ,  james marsden is 250% wooden ,  as usual and kevin spacey really needs to either fire his agent or acquire some better judgement .  the only cast member i liked was the lovely parker posey .  but i'm into weird-looking girls .   every year films like this get bigger and more bombastic .  pretty soon we'll have $300 million films .  studios need to realise that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up .  for all the money that warner spent on this pile of crap ,  for all the resources that this movie cost to make .  .  . was it worth it ?  in my opinion ,  certainly not !  this garbage has put me of superman for life ! 
in my eyes this is almost the perfect example of hollywood ego ,  only beaten by the new king kong movie .  superman is the original super hero and deserves to be treated with respect even though he wears tights .  brandon routh was the worst superman i've ever seen ,  from the start of the movie u just wanna shove a chunk of kryptonite down his throat .  he looks just silly wearing the costume .  but enough about him ,  kate bosworth was a bad choise for lois lane ,  she is supposed to be a hard ass reporter ,  but in this movie she looks more like a schoolgirl .  the plot was weak and predictable  ( wow ,  he is actually supermans son ,  who would have ever thought .  .  .  .  )  and the acting was horrible .  this movie has one good thing going for it ,  and it's name is kevin spacey .  his portrayal of lex luthor was brilliant but even he could not save this movie .  what this movie needed was the cast of  " lois and clark "   ( except kevin spacey of course )  and a different story .  i watched this movie after watching  " the hills have eyes "  and i was chocked to learn that there existed worse movies then that . 
after a long period in the space ,  looking for the remains of planet krypton ,  superman  ( brandon routh )  returns to earth .  he misses lois lane  ( kate bosworth )  ,  who got married and has a son with richard white  ( james marsden )  .  meanwhile ,  lex luthor  ( kevin spacey )  plots an evil plan ,  using crystals he stole from the fortress of solitude ,  to create a new land and submerge the usa .   after so many delightful movies of superman with the unforgettable christopher reeve ,  or tv shows like  " lois and clark "   ( and teri hatcher )  or  " smallville "  ,  a great expectation was created for the return of superman in this bryan singer's version .  unfortunately ,  the awful story is too long and boring ,  with many unnecessary parts ,  lack of emotion and overrated in imdb .  in addition ,  the romance between lois lane and superman is something shamefully ridiculous .  the twenty-two years old actress kate bosworth is wrongly miscast ,  playing the role of a mature reporter and experienced mother of a five years old boy .  brandon routh is two years younger than tom welling ,  who plays a teenager clark kent in  " smallville "  .  the character of parker posey ,  kitty kowalski ,  is actually a silly caricature .  last but not the least and in spite of being a terrific lex luthor ,  kevin spacey is forty-five years old ,  therefore older and older than the rest of the lead cast .  the corny conclusion looks like a soap opera and is terrible .  my vote is four .   title  ( brazil )  :   " superman returns " 
as a long-time fan of superman from the comics ,  through the 1950s series ,  the first two of the chris reeves films and lois & clark ,  and finally smallville ,  i was *really* hoping for something clever with  " superman returns "  .   instead we got lex luthor making *another* attempt at real-estate conversion ,  another superman-beaten-up-while-wearing-kryptonite sequence ,  and internal inconsistencies :  he couldn't stop himself falling into the ocean when stuck with 6 "  of kryptonite ,  but when lois breaks off 3 "  of it ,  *leaving the rest embedded in him* ,  he can lift *a continent* into space ?  ?  really ,  the only hero in the story was lois' partner - i can't remember his name off-hand .  he did all kinds of life-saving ,  heroic things with nothing but guts and skill - no superpowers ,  no invulnerability .  .  . just a normal human .   they keep making superman so small .  why can't we have superman battling brainiac or fighting to save the universe from general zod instead of lex's petty schemes .  oh ,  i forgot .  .  . they're doing that in smallville .   yeah .  .  . i think i'll stick to smallville .  .  .   you probably should ,  too .  .  . 
it really doesn't matter that superman comic books are unbelievably naive and their target is ten year old .  what matters is that  " superman returns "  is bad movie .    in the beginning , a question for you dear readers ,  how many of you actually believe that superman will be defeated by bald kevin spacey ?  anyone ?  just as i thought .  no spoilers here .  so let's get to some major issues right now .   firstly ,  this movie looks like commercial  ( scene in the bar with superman/clark kent drinking budweiser is only scene which looks as it supposed to )  .  imagine commercial of superman ,  two and half hour long .  let's be serious this isn't  " amadeus "  or  " the departed "  .  you actually feel ,  that this movie is way too long .  and special effects are not so special by the way .   secondly ,  scenario is silly .  sometimes even if something is acceptable in comic ,  in cinema it looks just stupid .  and it's like that in this case .  of course dialogs are disgrace .  i can't believe somebody took money to write them .  how many times we will be fed with villain making speeches ?  how many times laws of physics will be raped ?   ( jesus ,  it's not only the matter of superman's strength but also a resistance of materials his dealing with .  )  how many times lois lane will be fooled by kent ?  how many times hollywood producers will seek for a story in a trashy comic books ?  since there's hard to make a good story ,  why having a weak story for a starter ?  it just doesn't work .  guys ,  get a grip .  try harder ,  please .  or just stay on this strike forever ,  who cares .  i got the feeling that wga is permanently on strike .  no offense .  i'm not questioning the lame money those people are paid ,  but the quality of the product they deliver .  in this case there is no quality at all .   ( at this point you may ask yourself :  is it that bad ?  yes it is .  )   thirdly ,  acting is weak ,  which is quite a surprise since bryan singer  ( usual suspects )  is directing .  kevin spacey is having fun ,  but he's the only one .  audience is rather not in the mood for jokes .  thing is that comic book hero can be developed into real personality ,  with clear motivations but also with doubts ,  fears ,  some depth .  in this case nobody did that job ,  and characters aren't really interesting .   finally ,  whole effort of creators turns this movie into parody .  second unit is so bad that attracts attention ,  since there's nothing interesting going on on screen anyway .  the harder they try  ( if they try )  ,  the funnier it gets  ( but it isn't laugh you could expect )  .   final conclusion ?  one word :  shame .    this particular movie ,  ladies and gents ,  is camp .  don't waste your time and don't waste your money too .  stay home ,  read a book . 
at the beginning i was happy to know about a new superman movie  ,  i though that will be great but it wasn't .   is a bad copy of the richard donner work , lex is again a villain that makes no more else  ,  even played by kevin spice .   the evil plan is the same of the first movie of donner just a lot forced .   the script is predictable and simple  ( all stuff luthor finds in a museum or an old lady )  .   the story is the wrong thing  ,  it must be the kevin smith script and may be it could be better .   i just hope a sequel without brian singer and with a new talent director to do something new and not a copy .   all read you later
i usually don't walk out of a movie ,  but halfway thru i did .  this movie promised something different ,  but i kept thinking haven't i seen that before ?  spoiler alert !  back in 1 ,  the spaceship crashes and lands on earth ,  well ,  all these years later ,  with a super adult on board no less ,  this thing still manages to burn up and crash !  what ,  this advanced civilization can't seem to develop landing gear ?  for an industry that's so liberal ,  we get to see another woody allen movie ,  no blacks please !  superman runs around saving people ,  making sure he sticks to europe and the us ,  don't go into darkie areas please .  maybe i could stomach this about 30 years ago ,  but now now . 
 .  .  . this would be the worst film i'd ever seen .  hmmm ,  ok maybe tied with boogeyman then .  awful ,  truly awful .   i had low expectations and it failed to meet them !  i honestly cant think of one good thing .  so here are the worst points .  .  .   1 .  the acting 2 .  the plot 3 .  the cgi  ( xbox 360 has better graphics .  .  .  . seriously )  4 .  the plot 5 .  the dialogue and finally .  .  .  .  6 .  the plot   there are so many unanswered questions ,  did they make a 2 : 32 hour long movie then realize they hadn't put lex luthor and superman in a scene together and were forced to settle for the 3 minute bit or did they actually think no-one would notice that the main hero and villain have less screen time together than superman's son and the henchman he kills ?  !  !   was half the budget spent on persuading kevin spacey to do it ?   when superman goes to hospital ,  why don't the doctors ask  " what the f*** do you want us to do ?  !  he's a f***ing alien !  we don't know jack about his anatomy !  "  ?    what happened in the 5 years superman was away to cause technology to advance 28 years ?    where the people who wrote good reviews watching the same movie ?   and finally ,  why ?  just ,  why ?    btw ,  for those of you wondering how come superman could lift an entire continent of krypyonite ,  i think i've figured it out .  .  .    .  .  . since superman is unaffected by the kryptonite till he sees something green in the rocks ,  it is clearly all in his head .  therefore the continent thing is just him suppressing his fear of shiny green rock .  .  .  .   either that or the writers are slack-jawed half-wits who didn't think that was a fairly obvious mistake . 
or :  it's a bird  ?  it's a plane  ?  no ,  look .  .  .  it's a disaster  !  or :  no need to look up in the sky .   or :   (  .  .  .  ok ,  that's enough .  )  if singer tried to make a romantic titanic like movie to crash the box office record ,  he failed .  the sr structure can't do this ,  the dark and restricted color scheme  ( i would call it  " wishi-washi "  )  ,  the boring usual dialogs ,  the clown with advanced alien technology ,  the missing fun and magic ,  etc .  makes the movie completely disappointing .   it simply doesn't work .   the main thing at a character like superman is ,  that he is a superhero .  that's the core ,  the most important thing .   love trouble and a sadly lost depressive supersoftie can maximal only be a facet in a 2 : 40 long superman movie ,  not the whole time .   because then it is not a superman or superhero movie anymore .  it's like a  ( and in this case a very bad and boring )  social study ,  where every 30 minutes a person flies around .   that's a big difference .   this movie is a joke .  holy skywalker ,  this is superman ,  so give us supervillains ,  superaction and the most important thing ,  superfun .   we want entertainment  !  singer ,  if you want to make a 2 : 40 long soul love trouble drama about lost and sadly people  ?  then take normal human characters and make a yentl remake .   they say :  superman returns .  and then ,  supersadlysoftie stands in the door .   maybe singer has tried to kill the legend without kryptonite ,  but one bad movie can't do this .  don't give up ,  they plan a sequel .  .  .   next time singer  ( and warner brothers )  ,  make a superhero movie ,  not a depressive superlame soap ,  or let it be .  a superhero movie means a colorful fantasy with a lot of fun and magic .   this movie is like a very cheap chocolate box with a super cover .  yes ,  technically there are all sorts in ,  yes ,  there is a lot of small talks ,  there are a few jokes ,  a view action scenes ,  etc ,  but the only one what all these worse pieces have in common is their poor quality .   it's not more than a super boring patchwork and one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my live .   the ridiculous cast strategy  ( cast them young as possible ,  so we can make sequels in the next 25 years )  gives the rest .  kate bosworth plays a 22 year old star reporter ,  she's looking like 19 .  superman was full five years away ,  so he slept with her 6 years ago ,  so she was 16 ,   ( looking like 13 )  and a daily planet reporter ,  wroting  " i spend a night with superman "  .  warner brothers ,  that's too much .   routh is not so bad ,  he is playing a little bit wooden ,  but the whole movie is wooden ,  so .  .  .   ?  !  temporary good were marsden and sometimes posey .  the rest ,  forget it .  even spacey ,  this is not his terrain .   reeve/hackman/kidder were acting so easy ,  with fun .  what a difference .   the jesus poses at the end are ridiculous too .  what the hell should that be  ?  the problem here is ,  they mean this serious ,  not as a joke .  next time spiderman or batman or ironman falls and rises like jesus or angels  ?  or they speak with god directly .  why not  ?  they are superheroes ,  saving human lives every day .  so at least one talk with god every week should be possible .  .  .  oh my god .   maybe this was not the real announced movie ,  instead it is from a bizarre dull parallel universe .   for the warner brothers this superlame depressive flick will be possibly the greatest disaster in history .  not only because of the money .   i understand how difficult it  ( maybe )  was to create and transport some messages or feelings ,  but showing lone ,  lost and sadly people isn't new and thousands of movies or tv-shows did it better ,  in very old or new ones like magnolia .  and the flying frogs there were more impressive than this flying superwoman ,  sorry ,  superman of course .   singer and wb ,  that's simply nothing .  in fact it's even more than nothing ,  it's like a black hole that destroys the passion for  ( comic/superhero )  movies and steals us three hours of our life .   mrs .  smilla's little brother .   ( very angry and green like the hulk .  ) 
did the movie-makers even preview this before they released it ?  the script jumps from place to place without giving much explanation .  the beginning doesn't clarify if its a prequel or not .  it starts with superman's beginnings on earth and then jumps to a point after the last movie - but doesn't really alert the viewer of this .  very confusing !  superman himself is weak and in need of prozac .  he is portrayed as a potential home-wrecker ,  a stalker ,  and someone who is clearly depressed and confused .  this type of character rarely makes for an interesting hero .  the ending is absolutely ridiculous .  superman ending up in a hospital just made me want to kill him off myself .  i'm seriously waiting for a snl skit where superman appears on maury povich and maury says ,   " the results are in - in the case of the child ,  superman ,  you are the father .  "  to sum up - ok acting by this superman and kevin spacey ,  but horrible script .  the movie is basically unwatchable . 
this movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme .  i used to love superman movies ,  but this one made me want to shoot myself .  very poor acting ,  outrageous special effects ,  and a plot equal to zero .  to summarize  :  superman leaves earth ,  because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet ,  some were in space  ( duh )   ,  doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving  ( duh again )  ,  takes off in a spaceship  (  ?  !  ?  )  , comes back i think 5 years later ,  and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again  ( who is now razing his son ,  which son ,  in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old )  .  and what about that lex luthor  ?  trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land  ?  please  !  !   i vote 1 out of 10 for this movie ,  only because i am not allowed to vote 0 .  if you have anything else to do with your time ,  don't go to see this movie ,  and even if you don't have anything else to do ,  stay home and watch tv  ! 
this movie was extremely poorly conceived from every angle except technological .  i stood and watched everyone waddle out of the theater ,  their faces drained like their lives flashed before their eyes -- eyes wandering at their neighbor ,  wondering if it was just them .  i mean ,  how could the movie really be bad .  nobody'll admit it ,  it's a classic case of the emperor wears no clothes .   " who am i to question a movie containing a guy who stops a jet liner ?  "  but the fact remains ,  every member of the audience is thinking what i'm writing right now .  i actually plagiarized their faces .   obviously lois is only aroused by power ,  she won't even have a cup of coffee with the superman with glasses who doesn't stop jet liners .  it can't be the look in  " his "  eyes to the depths of his soul or anything like that .  in the old supermans ,  she had some level of connection with him ,  he wasn't priority number 1 ,  obviously ,  but it strengthened her character that she was  " torn "  .  i bet henry kissinger would have even won this lois over before clark kent .   and now it's official ,  kryptonite does to superman what eating at mcdonalds does to the avg .  person .   superman  " one "  he loses his earth dad ,  then finds his real super dad ,  the story is captivating every step of the way .  he's human ,  he relates to people and he feels love for people ,  he relates to highschool students ,  he relates to people who feel different .  he relates .  the superman returns superman seems to relate only to superpeople and it seems he's just  " doing a job "  when he's saving people .   there's something about clark that lois likes ,  she's really internally in love with him but can't admit it ,  and when he comes into the picture as superman ,  it throws a kink in the on-the-rocks love .  without superman ,  she would've fallen in love with clark  ( at least that's what the movie points to ,  whether it was the intention or not )  .  superman returns is a love story between a woman and superman ,  clark is like a pile of horse maneur to lois .  literally .   superman two i just watched it again .  as a kid ,  i  " thought "  i enjoyed the action ,  but now i know it was the story that held me then too ,  watching it over and over again .  if i saw superman returns as a child ,  i would've hated it then too ,  i think .   there is so much heart and soul and superpower going around in this movie ,  it's sick .  superman gives up his powers for love as a world plot is going on and meanwhile ,  meanwhile ,  lex luther's got something fantastic up his sleeve .   superman three now there's a three-way love story between superman and lana and clark ,  only humanity wins and clark's inner nature beats superman's power ,  because when his supermoral nature is gone and he's superhuman  ( who does human things with his superpowers )  ,  she sees it's not the power of superman that she's in love with ,  it's not superpowerman ,  but supermortalman that she loves -- and who's really super .  and when she tells clark she  " prefers "  him to superman ,  he is elated ,  he has made a human connection again .  he wants to be accepted for who he is ,  not just for his ability to bend steel .  this is the kind of stuff that's missing from superman returns .   clark super-sneezes to help the kid get a strike - humanity again .  plus ,  it's an ineresting use of superpowers .  he's not just using straight brute strength .   he crushes the coal into a diamond for his woman because she had to sell hers ,  love is the only thing that drives him to use his powers other than for saving .   it seems there's nothing at stake in superman returns .  even in superman three ,  we see the damages caused by the nemesis' world domination plot .  .  we see suffering ,  we see how it effects pryor and others and people in the middle of it .  .  there's no damage ,  esp .  emotional from lex's plot to sink the us .  we see a glob of crystal thrown into space .  .  superman had to get very creative in the first three supermans in order to stop the plot against him ,  he couldn't just  " access "  his superpowers .  in the first one ,  he had to stop two missiles going in different directions and then break his universal mandate and erase history to save lois' life .  .  .   ( this was thirty years ago !  !  "  )  in the second one ,  he had to outsmart three guys that he was already more powerful than ,  but combined with lex's genius ,  and the villains' immoral tactics ,  superman's overpowering wasn't enough ,  he had to work one against the other and outsmart them .  .  .  in superman iii ,  again ,  his superpowers weren't enough to win .  .  he had to outsmart a computer that calculated everything it saw .  he couldn't use straight aggression on the computer because it calculated it in advance ,  so he had to use a benign acid that would only become deadly to the computer after the computer responded to the aggression .  and he found that acid earlier when he couldn't simply use his superpowers to blow out a fire because it was a chemical fire ,  so he had to use his superbrains -- he couldn't carry water ,  so he froze a lake and dropped it on the fire .  .  now in superman returns ,  he simply lunges the island into outerspace ,  like a night temp for ups .  he doesn't need to figure anything out ,  he just uses his  " super strength "  .  and lex luther's brilliance was shown at the premeditation level of a junkie who just ran out of junk .   to say nothing of the fact that he threw that island into outerspace after getting stabbed with a knife of kyrptonite right in the bloodstream and the island itself was dripping kryptonite spores in his face ,  but he just averted his eyes and nose like it wasn't grey poupon he was looking at . 
i saw the movie last night and i really wanted to like it .  my expectations for the movie had been going up and down ever since i heard it was being made .  some days i'd see something spectacular and some days i'd be disappointed .   yet being the kind of fan i am ,  i had high hopes for this movie but in the end i was sorely disappointed .   while i love the richard donner movies i didn't like their sometimes campy nature or the changes they made to superman's character and his powers .   singer however chose to take the worst elements of the donner movies and put them in his version .   while his lex luthor is slightly darker he's still nothing more than a shyster ,  a conman and a common criminal .  he's no more intelligent than when gene hackman played him .  kevin spacey does his best to play luthor well but ultimately he falls victim to shoddy writing and unremarkable dialog .   his henchmen are more two dimensional than even comic book henchmen .  most of them literally have no dialog in the movie .   ****spoilers ahead**** kitty kowalski is almost exactly the same character as ms .  tesmacher .  she seems to be as evil and cold as lex luthor but she proves to be just an underling who melts after seeing superman in trouble and quite predictably betrays luthor .   the biggest disappointment in the movie was frank langella as perry white .  i wasn't a huge fan of the over the top perry white in the donner movies but at least he had a soul .  he was after all said and done ,  a veteran reporter who cared about the truth and a good story .  langella's perry white is nothing but a corporate stooge .  he wants everyone to concentrate on the superman related stories because they sell papers even though every other paper is doing the same thing .  he doesn't care about the real stories ,  the real mysteries like the black out and what lex luthor is up to now that he's out of prison .   the worst thing about langella is that he's dull !  some actors can be quiet and sober and yet have an undercurrent that lets you know that still waters run deep .  frank langella is puddle .   brandon routh is not a bad actor .  he's ok but again there is not a single memorable line in the whole movie .  not the actor's fault .  his movements are clearly meant to look graceful ,  like even the slightest movement of his fingers effects the way he flies .  but it still looks choreographed and artificial .   lois lane while badly written was surprisingly well acted by kate bosworth .  unfortunately ,  again ,  for a pulitzer prize winning journalist and writer ,  she is about as eloquent as any teenage on dawson's creek .   james marsden was my favorite actor in the whole movie ,  mostly because he looks more like superman than even routh .  without any superpowers he manages to figure out lois lane's message ,  flies a plane to the location ,  gets on board luthor's yacht and rescues lois and her son .   the only moving moment in the movie is when they are all trapped pantry as it is flooding with water and the ship is sinking .  you see them slowly going being immersed in the water .  you know superman's going to come by at the last moment to rescue them but still you can't help but feel sorry for them .   as i said before the plot is very haphazard .  unlike singer has said ,  this is not a movie about a superhero returning and trying to find his place in the world .  as soon as he returns the world welcomes him back with open arms .  lois is the only one who's not happy to see him back .  even luthor is happy to have superman back because it gives him a chance to settle the score with the man of steel .   superman is shown to be probably one of the dumbest heroes in the universe .  a big green piece of meteorite is stolen from a museum ,  lex luthor is out of prison ,  he now has knowledge about superman's powers and weaknesses ,  and yet he's still not able to connect the dots enough to know luthor would be using kryptonite against him .   according to the movie the only thing superman is good for is lifting really ,  really heavy things .  the action sequences are all incredibly predictable . 
outside of the fact that george lopez is a pretentious jerk ,  his show is terrible .   nothing about lopez has ever been funny .  i have watched his stand-up and have never uttered any resemblance to a laugh .   his stuff comes across as vindictive and his animosity towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body .   i have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them .   this guy has a grudge that won't end .   i feel bad for hispanics who have only this show to represent themselves .   the shows plots are always cookie cutter with an hispanic accent .   canned laugh at the dumbest comments and scenes .   might be why this show is always on at 2am in replay . 
i guess this movie is a fitting tribute to the first superman film , as it is just as crummy and painfully long as the original .   after an opening scene consisting solely of murky intergalactic visuals ,  the credits pay homage to the even-crummy-looking-for-their-time futuristic sweeping credits of the original superman film .   then there is some more murky stuff .  ma kent sees some kind of murky ruckus on the farm ,  and spends a good portion of my life slowly walking up to some debris in the cornfield .  then superman sneaks up on her and faints .   next we catch up with lex luthor in a scene about many murky close-ups of an old lady as she dies .  we don't see luthor's face until the end of the scene ,  an early instance of the film's drive to leave no hackneyed stone unturned .  lex luthor is a guy who doesn't like superman because he is not human .  also ,  he probably doesn't like humans either ,  as the movie occasionally features some kind of plot about lex luthor planning to kill most of earth's population .   after a while ,  clark kent shows up back at his old job  ( i forgot to mention ,  he had been away on a five year trip where nothing happened )  .  then he finds out lois lane has an illegitimate kid and is dating cyclops .  it upsets him so much that he loses control of his super strength to such an extent that he accidentally breaks a picture frame .   at this point we see that miss lane is on some kind of jet attached to some kind of space shuttle .  it is some kind of important event on account of it is on television .  then we learn that there are people in a control room monitoring this event .  there are also people watching it on television and there are pilots in the cockpit .  the film then reminds us that these people are involved by cutting between them for most of the summer .   as the events leading up to the inevitable disaster started to build ,  i excused myself to get a soda .  i accidentally walked back into the wrong theater and watched that movie about al gore showing slides in its entirety .  i tried to find my way back to superman returns ,  but i somehow wandered into prairie home companion ,  which i watched twice in a row .  then it was time to stop messing around .   i walked back into the first theater ,  found my seat ,  and looked up to see that the impending lois lane space shuttle disaster was almost upon us .  still ,  it seemed to be taking forever ,  so i wandered around the theater ,  met a girl ,  got married ,  raised a son and sent him off to college .  while attending my son's medical school graduation ,  i remembered that i should probably check in on superman returns ,  so i excused myself and raced back to the theater only to learn there was no need to hurry .  it still took about another half hour before things went wrong for space shuttle lane .  when they did ,  superman saved everybody ,  which was pretty cool .    .  and then there is a a subplot where superman turns really creepy and starts stalking lois lane and her family with his x-ray vision and super-hearing .  then he tries to get her to cheat on cyclops ,  who seems like a good guy .   meanwhile ,  lex luthor is involved in some kind of contest to display every possible generic villain behavior before the end of the movie .  i forgot to bring my scorecard home with me  ( they give you one at the door )  ,  but i think he scored damn close to one hundred percent .  i hope he wins the million dollars .   at this point ,  things start to gear up for the big murky finale .  i think maybe the projector was broken ,  on account of the movie seemed to be in some kind of loop for a while here .  i remember seeing murky things growing out of the water ,  superman getting sick ,  superman getting better ,  back to the murky things ,  he's sick again ,  no wait ,  he's okay again .   then lex luthor unleashed his final bad guy move :  yelling at his girlfriend a little bit .   then superman died and came back to life .  i thought the movie was over ,  so i left .   ninety years later ,  the nursing home where i lived felt a little chilly .  i realized i left my sweatshirt back in the theater ,  and i went to retrieve it .  when i did ,  i was slightly surprised to find that superman returns wasn't over yet .  i tried to ask some of the viewers what i missed ,  but most of them were only skeletons with long gray beards by now .   i sat back in my old seat and watched as lois lane puttered around her house for a while .  then superman showed up and started quoting the beginning of the movie ,  and since i already saw that part i thought it was okay to leave .   so that is my review of superman returns .   oh ,  also ,  if you like jokes about people eating dogs or jokes about one dog eating another dog ,  you will love this movie .  on account of there are two jokes like that in it . 
special effects ?  good .   script ?  terrible .  no plot .  no depth .  no meaning .  this film rendered superman as a meaningless hero ,  a hero with no archetype .  in the original film ,  he represented america in the cold war .  here ,  he represented nothing but a hulk .   sure ,  the actors were fine .  kevin spacey was a fine choice ,  among others .   this still does not resolve the problem that this film had no depth whatsoever .  i cannot see how anyone can come away with anything meaningful from this film ,  when superman was ,  and is ,  daily created to be a meaningful hero in not only comics but also in people's minds .  this was a real waste of money considering how many directions this film could have taken .   just a few instances :  lex luthor could have been a villain of global corporatism ,  political domination ,  totalitarianism ,  and on and on and on .  he was just another goofball hackman incarnation .   and superman ?  for what did he stand in this film ?  nothing but another hack  " savior "  figure .   wait until it comes to the dollar theater if you see it at all . 
first ,  let me just comment on what i liked about the movie .  the special effects were fantastic ,  and very rarely did i feel like i was watching a video game .  there ,  that is the last nice thing i have to say about this film .  in fact ,  i would just like everyone reading this to take note that i can't even put into words how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing .    i have innumerable complaints about the film ,  but four major complaints jump to mind .  my first major complaint has to do with the incredible cheesiness of the  " plot twist "   ( if you can call it that since most people probably saw it coming a mile away )  where lois's 5 year-old son turns out to be the super-powered child of superman .  when the crying super-child throws a piano at lex's henchman to save his mother ,  i almost got up and left the theater .  singer could have made a much better superman movie without resorting to cheap gimmicks like a seemingly fragile but latently super-powered illegitimate child .  it's been 5 days since i saw the movie and i still want to vomit .    my next major complaint has to do with the fact that superman lifts a continent made out of kryptonite up into outer space .  it doesn't take comic book guy from the simpsons to point out what's wrong with that .  i don't know how many comic books brian singer has read ,  but when superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite he barely has the strength to stay on his feet .  whoever had the idea to have him fly a large island made out of his greatest weakness into space has no business being associated with any superman-related projects ever again .  the concept is as ridiculous as making a dracula movie where the title character has a stake through his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made out of garlic into the sun .  why not just have superman eat kryptonite ?  he can eat it and then brush his teeth with it ,  and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas .  that's not any more absurd then having him hoist a continent of kryptonite into space and then fall powerless through the atmosphere without burning up in re-entry or splattering all over central park when he hits the ground .    my third major complaint has to do with the fact that singer slaps movie-goers across the face with religious symbolism the entire movie .  i have to take issue with his characterization of superman as the only son of a god-like jor-el sent to earth to be a savior .  jor-el wasn't all-wise ,  he was just a scientist .  and he didn't send his son to earth to be a savior ,  he threw him in a rocket and hurriedly fired it into space because his planet was about to explode .  i'll buy the christ allegory if brian singer can show me the part in the bible where god sends christ to earth because heaven was about to explode ,  and then radioactive pieces of heaven become christ's primary weakness .  furthermore ,  the  " crucifixion "  scene where luthor stabs superman in the side with a kryptonite  " spear "  just makes me want to slam my face into a brick until i'm too brain-dead to notice the brazenly obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will be tainting the man of steel for the foreseeable future .  they might as well rename this movie  " superman returns :  the passion of the christ .  "   and speaking of luthor ,  my last major complaint has to do with singer's depiction of lex luthor .  lex luthor is a shrewd ,  cold-hearted business tycoon who is more apt to run for president  ( which he does in the comics )  than try to destroy the world .  the man wants money and power ;  he wants to be in charge ,  not wreck everything .  yet the luthor we see superman returns ,  as well as all the previous superman movies ,  is a wacky theatrical dunce who comes up with zany schemes to destroy the world .  if singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of the  ( quite awful )  previous superman movies ,  this film might not be such an unbearable travesty .  maybe singer's next project can be a batman movie where he focuses on the interpretation of batman from 1960s tv show .  zam !  whap !  pow !  !   to summarize ,  i don't know what i hate more ,  the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to be giving it good reviews .  everyone is entitled to their opinion ,  but if you don't hate this movie then your opinion is wrong .  i sincerely encourage anyone who reads this not to see this movie if you haven't already .  don't see it ,  don't buy it when it comes out on dvd ,  don't rent it .  .  . basically don't contribute any money towards it in any way .  this movie does not deserve to make any money .  in fact ,  i think that for every person that sees this movie ,  bryan singer should be fined 45 billion dollars .  if you're a superman fan and you really want to see this movie ,  just bend over and have someone kick you in the balls and you'll get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time . 
along with 2 days in the valley ,  i think this is one of worst movies i've ever seen .  just another of the long line of tarantino rip-offs that have emerged since pulp fiction .  the atmosphere the movie creates is amusing for the first five minutes ,  but then the film makers make the unforgivable mistake of allowing unnecessary and grotesque violence to up the  " hip "  quotient .  you're better off skipping this one . 
the beginning of the 90s brought many  " quirky "  and  " off-beat "  independent films ,  a particular sub-genre of which is the semi-spiritual desert crime movie .  others of note are  " wild at heart "  ,   " from dusk til dawn "  ,  and to a certain extent  " natural born killers "  .  good films like those spawned junk like  " highway 666 "  ,   " destiny turns on the radio "  and this ineptly surreal anti-masterpiece  " under the hula moon "  .  it's a comedy that aims for a certain emotional tone ,  attains it ,  but keeps going to the point of irritation .  while the pursuit across the spirit-world of the desert and the casting of chris penn are good ideas ,  the film is not dirty enough or hard enough to be a good crime movie ,  and isn't focused enough on laughs to really be a comedy .  i won't blow the ending ,  but let's just say it's bad .  the film is basically a bad side effect of genre-cancer .  this is the dregs of indie-mania . 
so far nightmares and dreamscapes has been erratic and disappointing .  the first segment ,  directed by brian henson ,  may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares ,  but at least it was well-directed ,  suspenseful ,  and visually interesting ,  with solid acting by william hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series .   however ,  the second story in the series was just dreadful ,  and not in the good way .  the screenplay is bad ,  requiring the shallow ,  unlikable protagonists to act illogically in order to move the plot ,  and having characters ramble on endlessly for the purposes of clunky ,  unnecessary exposition .  the acting is overdone and unconvincing ,  and i felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second .  the director used a million tricks to try to make the narrative spooky ,  but with the amateurish acting and writing ,  the end result looks like a freshman-year film school project ,  with camera moves for their own sake ,  and little in the way of plot or tension .   if the rest of the series continues like this ,  i'll be sorely let down .  i look forward to william h .  macy's installment ,  and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment .  so far the quality is far too inconsistent to predict either way . 
with its companion piece masters of horror ,  nightmares and dreamscapes can only be seen as the absolute nadir of the genre that began so auspiciously with the twilight zone and the outer limits .   of course ,  part of the problem is that it does nothing to be of any interest to a comparatively adult audience ,  instead aiming at ten-year-olds ,  who are only able to count body-bags ,  and scarcely that .  and so grossness is king ,  and king is grossness .   stephen king is simply illiterate  in general he has the aptitude for storytelling of bart simpson .  since he cannot read his sole inspiration is the movies .   true ,  the cinema is not such a bad place to start ,  since it has generally escaped the onslaught of  " realism "  .  but these films are only the rumor ,  not the thing ,  and if you want to write ,  you have to dig deeper .   of course ,  only pickman had monsters as close acquaintances .  but even so ,  it should be clear to any undergraduate that vampires are not dracula and lugosi .   at least autopsy room four is a clear indication of what is wrong .  one can almost imagine this pathetic dolt sitting as his desk trying to come up with something scary .   not ,  mind you ,  trying to describe accurately the horror of the system of which he is an integral part ,  making the stupid stupider ,  but trying to come up with a scary story for his little nephew .  suppose ,  you were paralyzed ,  and people thought you were dead and started to cut you open like they do at those autopsy things !  wouldn't that be gross ?  and that ,  boys and girls ,  is the story .   what about characterization ?  oh yes ,  he's one of these suits ,  who never really appreciated life ,  you know ,  and now it's too late ,  right ?  and he's shouting  well ,  they can't actually hear him ,  you know  he's saying that he's going to sue the hospital ,  but he's not such a big shot anymore ,  you see ,  lying there  ( or is it laying ,  i can never remember )  and all .  and he's thinking :  oh no please ,  please don't cut me and this is terrible ,  lying  ( or laying )  like that  now ,  wouldn't that be a great story ?  you know i read somewhere that a snake bite can do that ,  i think it was that great medical authority agatha christie .  what was the name of that snake again ,  oh yeah ,  a boomslang  has quite a ring to it ,  doesn't it .   let's make it a peruvian boomslang !  sure ,  steve ,  that's great  except that boomslang is afrikaans ,  you moron !  but how can you really tell that the target audience is children ,  and not simply mental defects ?  it's easy :  there's no sex .   well ,  there is ,  but it's the kind glimpsed through a crack in the door to our parent's bedroom .  modern filmmakers are really big on the erotic aspects of the genre ,  the monster ,  the female victim ,  the chase .   but unlike universal and lewton they have no idea what's going on .  all that's really left is the giggling outside the sm club and the fascist credo that people with sexual preferences are intrinsically evil .   in spite of a certain discrepancy in size ,  king kong knew exactly what to do with fay wray .  freddy krueger can only kill her .   and since there's no real titillation in that ,  he has to torture her first  not in any way that might excite her ,  you understand ,  since that would upset our puritan sentiments .  and so ,  horror and romanticism become simply unpleasantness and the grooming of psychopaths .   our hero ,  you see ,  is a rubber fetishist ,  and can only get a boner if someone touches him you know down there with you know  rubber gloves  ( giggle )  .  and that's what they use in autopsies ,  and that's how they discover that he is ,  in fact ,  you know .   obviously ,  this is the author at the height of his inspirational powers .  too bad ,  they cut it out ,  since it might have upset the five-year-olds watching the show ! 
i watched this show and i simply didn't find it funny at all .  it might have been the first episode .  lately i realize abc is playing a lot of stupid shows nowadays and is going down as a station .  all the characters on this show are pretty bad actors ,  but even if they were good the jokes and script are pretty horrible and would still bring the show down .  i would say that i believe this show will be cancelled ,  but seeing as how abc is doing pretty horrible for quality of shows they are playing ,  they might just keep this one simply because it's average compared to them . 
i've barely just made it through one episode  (  " crouch end "  )  .  the dialog was stilted and down-right cringe worthy .  the acting was tragic .  eion bailey ,  despite his best attempts to be dramatic ,  remains mostly expressionless .  his eyebrows hint at a recent botox treatment .  claire forlani could have just as easily been playing the damsel in distress in a silent movie .  the characters were cartoons ,  each playing their stereotypical cog in the plot mostly random ,  meandering plot .  cheesy special effects can be excused given the tv miniseries budget .  but attempts to create suspense and surprise through distracting cinematography added to the unwatchability .  i get the feeling that the ending was supposed to be witty and surprising ,  but it was lame and had little to do with the rest of the story .  if i had to compare it's overall quality to something else ,  i'd put this episode of  " nightmares and dreamscapes "  on par with the nbc's hercules . 
i just saw the third week of stephen kings' nightmares and dreamscapes mini series ;  meaning ,  i saw 6 episodes so far .  i have to say that the stories are really weak .  i have read stephen king's skeleton crew ,  a collection of his short stories that was published way back .  i recall most of the stories were average to poor but there was one that was really excellent ,  if not outstanding .   what i'm trying to say is that just because this mini series is from a collection of stories from stephen king does not mean that it will be any good .  in fact ,  if his previous collection of short stories are of any indication ,  then most of this mini series will be average to poor .   in stephen king's defense ,  i have not read these new short stories .  perhaps they are good as stories in a book and not readily adaptable to television ,  or perhaps it was the fault of the scriptwriters in trying to write an interesting script .  who knows .  also ,  these short stories may have been made exclusively for this mini series and not not for print purpose .  maybe that may have been the problem .  if stephen king had submitted these crap stories to an editor ,  i am sure the editor would have immediately told him to make it more interesting because as is ,  it is simply boring .   what is clear from all of this is that the problem is with the stories/script and not the actors and actresses because this mini series has some excellent people acting on it .   seeing this mini series really makes me appreciate those old  " twilight zone "  series .  each series was only half an hour but it was compelling and riveting .  i don't understand why this mini series could not accomplish similar feat .  i am sure this mini series had a good deal of money to make a good mini series but unfortunately ,  something must not have clicked .   for instance ,  this week there were two episodes shown .  the first involved a horror story writer who buys a picture drawn by an artist who committed suicide .  the writer begins to see changes in the picture as he is driving homeward .  feeling uncomfortable ,  he throws away the painting but it keeps appearing near him .  also ,  the portrait of an individual in that picture is killing people and is out to kill him .   ( i will not even mention the second episode for this week involving criminals and their loot because it was even more boring than this episode !  )   this premise is interesting and so the story should be good but after seeing it ,  i was frustrated because there were too many gaps in the story as well as extraneous materials that was shown that did nothing to help the story .  after the last scene ,  i was left with more questions than answers .   i tried for 3 weeks to get into this mini series but it was just too aggravating due to poor stories/script .  if this was a movie ,  i would have recommended that people should wait for the movie to come out on cable or such .  i would not even recommend that it be rented in your video store .  however ,  given that this is on tnt ,  a cable channel ,  i would say if you have not seen it already ,  then try it for one week .  if you do not like it that week ,  then you will not like the past series nor the future ones ,  since they all share the same boring trait . 
i usually don't write reviews but i can't understand why this is rated so high and wanted to give a warning to horror lovers since i can only assume that all those high ratings were given by average tv watchers .   i have only watched the first two episodes but those two were so cliché ,  it wasn't even funny any more .  the same old stories you've probably seen/read a couple of times already - living toys ,  evil things from other dimensions .  .  .  and it's not just that these stories aren't innovative ,  they are also pretty bad versions of those clichés .  i'd prefer e . g .   " chucky "  and  " silent hill "  over those two episodes anytime .  and don't even ask about the visual effects .  .  .  the ones in the first episode are alright but the ones in the second .  .  .  awful .  looks like some film student's project gone wrong .  blood .  .  .  or gore .  .  .  erm .  .  .  nothing worth mentioning .   it might be interesting for some ten year old kid who probably hasn't seen/read that many scary stories yet  ( although i'd rather recommend  " beyond belief "  - now that's what i call a decent mystery tv show )  .  but for an adult horror fan this is worthless .  i only gave the 3 points because there is in fact some beautiful cinematography  ( especially in the second episode )  and some nice acting . 
man ,  i really wanted to like these shows .  i am starving for some good television and i applaud tnt for providing these  " opportunites "  .  but ,  sadly ,  i am in the minority i guess when it comes to the cinematic stephen king .  as brilliant as king's writing is ,  the irony is that it simply doesn't translate well to the screen ,  big or small .  with few exceptions  ( very few )  ,  the king experience cannot be filmed with the same impact that the stories have when read .  many people would disagree with this ,  but i'm sure that in their heart of hearts they have to admit that the best filmed king story is but a pale memory of the one they read .  the reason is simple .  the average king story takes place in the mind-scape of the characters in the story .  he gives us glimpses of their inner thoughts ,  their emotions and their sometimes fractured or unreal points of view .  in short ,  king takes the reader places where you can't put a panavision camera .  as an audience watching the filmed king ,  we're left with less than half the information than the reader has access to .  it's not too far a stretch to claim that one becomes a character in a king story they read ,  whereas one is limited to petty voyeurism of that same character when filmed .  for as long as king writes ,  hollywood will try shooting everything that comes out of his word processor ,  without any regard to whether or not they should .  i don't blame the filmmakers for trying ,  but it takes an incredible amount of talent and circumspection to pull off the elusive stephen king adaptation that works .  the task is akin to turning lead into gold ,  or some arcane zen mastery .  oh well ,  better luck next time . 
the first episode set the bar quite high i thought .  it starred william hurt as a hit-man who is contracted to kill a toymaker .  we are given very little information on his character or who is paying him to kill ,  indeed the episode is notable for having no dialogue at all .  returning to his modernist penthouse he is delivered a package containing toy soldiers ,  this gives him a smile but he dismisses it and goes about his business .  but he is in for a night of hell ,  the soldiers are alive and are about to wage war ,  driving jeeps ,  shooting machine guns and bazookas and even flying helicopters !  .  the special effects are good for a tv show and it becomes quite tense as he dodges around the apartment using his wits to survive ,  sometimes getting the upper hand and other times not .  i wont spoil the ending but suffice to say it was a clever little twist .  this gave me hope for the rest of the series but i was in for a disappointment ,  the other episodes were all rubbish and i lost interest by the fourth one .  stephen king adaptations are always a mixed bag and these are no exception
the majority of stephen king's short stories are little gems ,  with original ideas that don't take a long time to develop ;  basically lean and mean--he sets them up quickly in a scarce number of pages ,  you read 'em ,  and you're finished before you know you've begun .  they're like the equivalent of a carton of mcdonald's fries--they taste really good and you know there's not much nutritional value in them  ( re :  from a literary standpoint ,  they don't say much about the universal human condition )  ,  but you're still gonna scarf 'em down ,  just don't be a pig and go for the extra-super-sized portion and fill up on too much grease  (  " too much grease "  is a metaphor for the prose in king's novels when find yourself reading one of them and saying come on--enough with the pop-cultural observations or clever yankee asides--get on with the story already !  )  he has compiled four books of short story collections .  i've read them all--from nightshift to the latest ,  everything's eventual ,  and they all display an efficiency of getting-to-the-point which is sometimes sorely lacking in his tome-sized novels .   but his short stories never overstay their welcome .  .  . which brings us to the tv adaptations of nightmares and dreamscapes .  .  .   how in the hell did they  ( the series' producers )  get a green-light to turn stories that usually averaged 15 pages into 50 minute episodes ?  i'll tell you how--two words-- " stephen king .  "  stories with his name on them probably didn't come cheap ,  and one hour shows enable more advertising than half hour ones ,  so .  .  . what should have been an anthology of mostly 23 or 24 minute episodes is turned into double that length ,  and double the commercial time .  .  . ka-ching !   i'm not going to waste time synopsizing the plots of these stories--this review supposes you have already read the stories and/or seen the show ;  what follows is merely my gut reactions to what tnt presented .  .  .  of the four installments so far ,  here's my ten cent assessment  ( from first to worst )  :    battleground-- not a classic by any means ,  but hey ,  how could anyone argue with keeping william hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialog ?  and the tongue-in-cheek reference and destruction of the killer zuni doll from trilogy of terror proved to me the producers  ( and the writer of the teleplay ,  who is richard matheson's son--the writer of tot )  knew their mission with this one was to make the action deadly ,  yet at the same time ,  fun .  it took longer to get to hurt's apartment than it should have ,  but i think it fulfilled it's objective .  8/10  umney's last case-- liked this one primarily because of william h .  macy's performance .  i think the writer/umney should have appeared in the story sooner into the private eye/umney beginning because he was the actual reality of the story ,  and anyone familiar with the king short story  ( probably half ,  if not more of the audience )  knew the chandleresque set-up was due to get interrupted by the writer's reality ,  so let's get on with it already ,  and cut-out the cute and clever hard-boiled repartee' private dick banter already .  once the writer/umney's family tragedy began to reveal though ,  i thought the show developed an emotional connection that made the viewer  ( me ,  at least )  ,  feel sympathy for the real-life macy's attempt to escape his sorrows by usurping his fictional creation's exciting life .  6/10   the end of the whole mess-- uh ,  this title is how i felt about this episode when it was over .  after twenty minutes ,  i was ready to scream at the tv--ok ,  we get it already ,  the younger brother is a mega mensa genius prodigy extraordinaire !  we know from ron livingston talking to the camera  (  " time is running out for me " --not fast enough ,  i thought )  that the young whiz kid is going to discover something really bad for humanity--we know this because he's already built an airplane but almost died because he couldn't steer it out of the path of a tree ;  and ,  he blew up his chemistry lab while teaching himself chemistry  ( to think the end of the world could have been prevented if only this kid had some more parental supervision )  .  so much time was wasted on establishing the uber-genius of henry thomas ,  when we finally get to the resolution of his discovery--the end of the world through unintended idiocy--how much do we get to see of the world  " ending ?  " --a cheap video shot of a reporter starting to forget what she's reporting on ,  and brief radio broadcasts announcing the day of judgement is at hand .  oh ,  and the brother's parents drooling and singing old songs .  my point is ,  if your story is really about the  " end of the whole mess  ( world )  "  ,  i wanna see the  " mess "  as it goes up in flames and crashes and burns .  talk about ending with a whimper ,  indeed .  2/10   crouch end-- this episode just ticked me off totally .  i could have lived with the taking-forever exposition of the happy couple arriving at their hotel ,  playing slap-and-tickle ,  having lunch ,  and getting a taxi  ( that was half the episode right there )  ,  if once they finally crossed-over into crouch end the episode delivered the chills ,  but it failed miserabley .  not only wasn't it scary ,  it was practically laughable .  ooh ,  look--a kitty .  .  . wait ,  it turns .  .  . oh my god !  look at it's scary eye !  uh-huh .  they could have gone a long way towards filming the crouch end sequence at night instead of in daylight ,  too .  things you might unintentionally find funny can become scarier when you see them in the night shadows .  but i guess the budget wasn't high enough to shoot at night on the fake london sets they slapped together for this one .  on the page ,  this is a very scary story about tourists wandering into places they shouldn't and the terrible things that might lurk just around a corner there .  the only terror in this adaptation was the directing and acting--those were truly horrifying .  1/10   overall series average  ( so far )  :  4/10
this film was basically velvet goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t . v .  movie .  the film lacks what velvet goldmine had which was good acting ,  writing ,  and basically everything else .  the film had some of the worst writing i've seen since wild wild west .  it definitely needed to be interesting .  i know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows .  which are a lot better than all this which would have worked if it was a behind the music episode but didn't and feel flat on it's face . 
serge farnel made a very precise critics of this film in the revue  " the rwandese night "   ( www . lanuitrwandaise . net )   a critics which shows how france was behind all the situation undergone by the united nations in rwanda .   the un soldiers were in a dangerous situation while the french soldiers were warmly welcomed by the genocide forces .   the day before ,  ten un soldiers had been killed by the genocide forces .   that is why the un soldiers decided to protect their own lives by driving behind the french trucks .   by doing so ,  they gave up the tutsi which is unforgivable of course .   but we must keep in mind that the french soldiers organized this situation . 
this movie is told through the eyes of a young teacher at a catholic school ,  watching as the rawandan genocide un-furls around him .   the movie starts off with a brief explanation about the past history and rivalry of rawanda .  then it jumps to the story as told through the eyes of a young idealistic  " new-comer "  a young teacher who doesn't take life or the situation too seriously .  as he and the driver approach a road-block he plays around with his drivers i . d .  not realizing that this is a serious moment and that if the driver can't identify himself as being of the right tribe to the soldiers they'll be killed .  and thats how he treats the unfolding story of chaos and unfolding around him .  suddenly realizes that every rawandan  ( including his driver )  is involved and that the europeans soldiers and tourists cannot and will not help .  the media cameras cannot stop machete's ,  and there's too many machete wielding militia-men too shoot .  the title comes from the armies captain saying he's going to shoot the dogs eating the dead-bodies around his compound ,  but won't shoot the militia-men that are killing people around the compound .  mainly because they haven't fired at the soldiers yet .  finally he realizes the hopelessness of the situation and the guy who tells the evacuation team that he wants to give up his seat for one of the intended victims ,  flees with his tail in-between his legs ,  rather than face immanent death with the school kids he's promised not to leave behind .   it's more of character study ,  and a come to jesus moment for one character ,  than a story about the genocide in  " rawanda "  .  this movie didn't have to take place in rawanda ,  it could have taken place any one of the genocidal hell holes going around this world at any given time . 
i thoroughly enjoyed a man called horse when it was released in 1970 ,  but return played like a typical sequel .  everything about it -- budget ,  script ,  plot ,  casting ,  and acting -- was inferior to the original .  gale sondergaard as elk woman ,  an elder of the yellow hand tribe ,  looks nothing like an indian ,  and neither do half of the other  " indians ,  "  who were played by italians ,  mexicans ,  and latinos with cheap wigs .  and the old guy who played the chief acted more like a fat old squaw than a fierce leader of warriors .  he even used the bow like a woman !  finally ,  richard harris ,  who did such a superb job in the original ,  seems to be coasting this time around .  i guess he couldn't resist the easy paycheck he got for reprising his role as horse .   to be fair ,  there are some interesting moments in the movie ,  such as horse's undergoing a painful purification ritual to  " find his vision "  and rally the yellow hands against their indian enemies and white oppressors ,  but on the whole ,  return is uneven ,  boring ,  corny ,  and predictable -- just like most sequels . 
caught this by accident on a t . v .  showing - and could hardly believe how utterly awful the whole experience was .  by comparison ,  the original  " a man called horse "  was spell-binding because it held one's interest throughout .  but this piece of nonsense - words fail me .  it was bad enough to have some kind of a  " story "  presented with all the impact of a wet loaf of bread ,  but that error was compounded by the obvious lack of subtitles throughout whenever the so-called  " sioux "  spoke .  for goodness sake ,  couldn't the film-makers have found enough north american indians who were also actors and near-actors to perform as  " indians "  in this farrago instead of the imposters they actually used ?  i also found it quite embarrassing watching richard harris cavorting all around the countryside at the obvious behest of the director standing just behind camera ,  telling him to run and jump from pointless point a to pointless point b just to make up film footage and minutes .  absolutely terrible in all respects ! 
this is a weak sequel :  it lacks the interest and light touch of the magnificent  " man called horse "  in nearly every aspect and when compared to each other they hardly seem to be the same genre .   the return is almost a parody of the first and tries to evoke different indian ceremonies but comes across as trying way too hard to bottle the magic of the first .  in this film the tribe is lost and abandoned ,  having lost their homelands ,  modern life has encroached on paradise and they are living in abject misery and poverty .  perhaps this is the point :  the first film took us to a place where we would want to be ,  a simpler time .  this takes us to broken indians in a miserable world and the white man is the hero and savior which rather negates the whole idea of the film .   the beauty of the first lay in the fact that the white man learnt and discovered that real civilization lies in values rather than western materialism .  in the second film this is all but lacking and so we end up with a weak film .   a huge disappointment . 
despite positive reviews and screenings at the international festivals ,  this movie is not for everyone .   the story is very similar to other movies ,  in which a teenage girl from the family of immigrants needs to overcome many common personal problems of her age ,  and also to struggle against the pressure of ethnic traditions in her family .  she does that by choosing some kind of sport ,  and with the help of a local boy ,  that for some reason falls in love with her ,  she confronts her problems and wins .   in girlfight it's boxing ,  in bend it like beckham it's soccer ,  and now it's kung fu .   but fighter is much inferior product than these two ,  it was simply embarrassing to watch it .  semra turan ,  the  " actress "  that playing the role of a teenage girl ,  maybe can do a lot of things ,  but one thing she can't do is to act .  her presence on the screen is anemic and clumsy ,  the dramatic situations ,  in which she tries to show some emotions ,  are dreadful ,  her body and facial language are of amateur actress ,  badly instructed by the director .  the rest of the cast is a little better ,  but they just cannot save this cliché movie with stereotypical characters and shallow plot .  besides a few relatively good moments this movie has nothing new or interesting to offer .   even the kung fu fighting is not a reason to watch this ,  it's just so boring .  the slow motion was really unnecessary ,  the choreography was basic and lacked the inspiration ,  and most of the kung fu scenes are just training or standing in all kind of kung fu positions ,  not actually fighting .  not to mention how ridiculous it looks when a small and skinny girl fights big and muscular boys ,  and knocks them off their feet .    the only reason this movie has been noticed at all is because it's european .  it's very easy to publicize this movie - a first martial arts film from denmark ,  but don't be fooled ,  it's not .  it's just a drama about stupid teenage girl and her problems ,  which are ,  by the way ,  not really convincing .   bad movie with embarrassing lines ,  acting and story . 
no one goes to a movie like the hills have eyes 2 and expects the second coming of citizen kane .  the same is true for the majority of low-rent horror flicks ,  especially those roger ebert has dubbed  " dead teenager movies .  "  the hills have eyes 2 definitely qualifies as a dead teenager movie ,  only here ,  the teenagers have been given the superficial appearance of military trainees .   some will argue the line  " it's only a movie "  when questionable facts are raised in a movie review ,  but i've always been a firm believer that all good fantasy must be rooted in reality in order to be effective .  in the hills have eyes 2 ,  we're to believe the main characters are military people on a training exercise ,  but they look and talk like high school kids camping in the desert .  the dialog is awful and frequently vulgar to excess .  though the films aren't nearly comparable ,  i kept imagining these  " soldiers "  being in platoon ,  and shuddering with dread .   very little about the characters evokes a soldier other than rifles and fatigues :  radio transmissions are carried out like teenage phone conversations ;  a colonel is addresses as  " hey ,  asshole "  by a private .  and nobody seems to have the slightest idea what to do ,  or any sense of command structure ,  when things begin to go wrong .  i think of the soldiers in james cameron's aliens ,  a film of pure fantasy ,  and how even those futuristic marines behaved like real soldiers despite their fantastic situations .  fantasy rooted in reality .   i try to begin watching a movie as a 5 on a scale of 10 ,  and judge it's strengths and weaknesses from there .  you have to allow concessions for the material ;  there's no way star wars is as good of a movie as the godfather ,  on equal terms .  but both are excellent examples of their type .   in that respect ,  while the hills have eyes 2 is a pretty dreadful exercise in amateur and immature writing ,  it's only modestly worse in that regard than the typical dead teenager movie .  on a technical side ,  the movie appears to have decent production values and is pretty well made from that perspective .  scenes that are intended to shock ,  or which are intended to evoke urgency or suspense generally work .  so ,  while watching the hills have eyes 2 may indeed be a fate worse than death ,  there are certainly far worse horror flicks in circulation .   it's worth a watch for those who enjoy this type of stuff without the usual fanboy baggage ,  or those who don't tend towards thinking every movie they see is either the best ever or the worst ever of all time .  if you don't  " get "  horror ,  especially the dead teenager variety ,  you're not likely to have a good time with this one .   4/10
thhe remake was a superior movie remake in every way .  most remakes end up being total garbage but under the very talented direction of alexandre aja became one of the best ever made in terms of remakes and also as far as the mutant inbreed human sub-genre of horror is concerned .  in steps part 2 directed by another individual martin weisz and written by the father and son combo of jonathan and wes  " i cannot make a good horror movie to save my life anymore "  craven and if this is any indication of weisz directing skills and young craven's writing skills we are all in for a painful future as thhe 2 not only fails to be as good as the first but also fails to entertain on any level .   we start off with a fairly graphic mutant baby birth which though is rather cool will not prepare you for the utter garbage that is to come ,  only hint to what could have been in this film .  we then get to see a crew of scientists who all to briefly are introduced and dispatched by our radiated rejects .  in steps our main cast of army reservist to save the day ,  this is where the major problems begin .   from very sub par acting  ( yes even for this kind of movie )  to the horrible characters to the lack of true carnage for most of its running time thhe 2 becomes a labor to watch as a lot of nothing happens as idiotic soldiers make mistake after mistake only to meet there demise not by the mutants but themselves .  think the marines in aliens only the exact opposite and you have the idea of how well these soldiers are trained .  this is the true shame of the film as most of the hills occupants do not get the kills you would like to see ,  like in the first film ,  in fact if this did not have thhe 2 attachment in the beginning and the brief overview in the beginning tying this loosely to the first this could have nearly been a sci-fi channel original .   the mutant mountainbillies as well are not as amusing this time around in fact in a lot of way they are far inferior to our prior batch as they all come off as being rather under designed and uninteresting .  also the one that took the cake was the sloth-like mutant  ( you know sloth from the goonies )  who helps them out in the 3rd act .  i was waiting for him to ask for a baby ruth or start going on about rocky road ice cream .  truly disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the goings on here .   the gore is in the film but not nearly as visceral as the original in fact it seemed toned down for the most part as other than the mutant baby birth scene there really isn't anything that stood out like in the first .  another major strike against this movie .  so what did work here ,  the answer is nothing at all .  this felt like a sequel designed specifically to make money off the success of the first and not to make an actually  " good "  film .   i can go on about the crappy drill sgt .  ,  the radio man that has a speech impediment  ( that's right ,  he is the kind of guy i want radioing in for help in a real crisis )  or the pacifist fighter that resembles the exact same character mold as our  " hero "  in the first film but i believe you get the point .  this movie is not even in the same league or even the same planet as the first .  it should have been given another title and been added to the saturday night line up on the sci-fi channel .  a true shame as a solid sequel could have been made but alas it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball on nearly every level and will get one of my lowest scores as i give thhe 2 the same score as its part :  2/10 dreadful :  words cannot describe how bad this movie is a total polar opposite of its predecessor in every way ,  uninspired and down-right unnecessary .  next time guys if your going to make a sequel this bad .  .  . don't even bother .  please don't go support this garbage at the theaters ,  save your money and thank me later !  !  !  ! 
you know ,  i went to see  " the hills have eyes 2 "  wanting to like it .  i really enjoyed the original ,  and the remake was fairly entertaining .  they obviously had more money to throw around than wes craven did on special effects the second time around .  even though i still prefer the original film ,  the remake was done well ,  and it was kind of a guilty pleasure for me .  bloody ,  intense ,  and great special effects .  in short ,  a great popcorn movie for any horror fan .   which brings us to  " the hills have eyes 2 "  .  man ,  where do i start ?  the plot ,  or lack of one ,  is paper thin .  we are not exactly breaking new ground here . the military has decided to monitor the area ,  and all of these people turn up missing .  so what do we do now ?  let's send in the national guard to investigate .  in true hollywood fashion we need to make them the dumbest ,  and worst soldiers ever seen .  gee ,  i've never seen that premise before .  to make a long story short ,  you have the mutants killing off the moron soldiers one at a time in graphic fashion .  once again the special effects by nicotero are great ,  but the kills no matter how graphic become boring ,  and predictable .  honestly it seemed to me that this flick was done just to grab a quick buck .  it was bloody ,  and graphic ,  but i found it predictable ,  boring ,  and not scary at all .  for me it would have been nice if this film contained one original thought . wes craven and his son shared the writing duties ,  and he has been involved with many of my favorite horror films ,  but sadly this isn't one of them . 
just recently ,  i've been obsessing over and anticipating this movie so much that i almost had to see it .  well ,  having just seen it today ,  the 5 . 8 rating is completely understandable .  i think that if you anticipate something so much that it becomes a dire need ,  it turns out not to be worth it .    sure ,  the hills have eyes 2 has its moments .  it has a very cool and well-developed storyline that ties in well with the actual product itself ,  but the whole thing is so self-indulged that it becomes so hard to follow .  and if it weren't for wes craven's production on this film ,  it wouldn't be anything to do with the original remake .    but the whole thing makes you go  " is this supposed to be horror or comedy ?  "  because there are lots of ridiculous ,  randomly placed jump moments and stupid one liners  ( i . e .   " there's a hand in the sh**er !  "  or  " you motherfu**er !  i'll kill you all damn sons of b**tches !  "  )  and the acting  ( god don't even remind me how bad it was .   storyline :   ( this part contains spoilers ,  beware !  )  the movie begins with a woman giving birth to a mutant baby  ( ooh la la !  )  ,  and then the screen fades to black with the movie's title appearing ,  and a monologue .  then we go to this office where there are randomly placed war veteran mannequins .  we find that this is for this one scientist keeping track of people looking for mutants .  the box to keep track of audio feeds is gone ,  and everyone dies !  after that tone-setting opening ,  you'd expect more .   then ,  we go to this one team of military recruits training in baghdad .  as the captain parades them  " a good job at stupidity "  ,  their last day of training is in new mexico ,  the desert where the family in the last thhe had stayed because they were stuck .  while in training ,  things go ultimately wrong ,  people die ,  and .  .  .  do i need to tell you any more ?  because right now i have the attention span of a goldfish just forcing myself to sit here and type this .   the thing that's wrong with thhe2 is that it just dosen't work .  no flashbacks here ,  and the ending is pretty safe .  .  .  but with a twist !  a stupid one ,  that is .  i'm pretty sure the ultra super director's cut with a holographic cover and a ticket to the hills have eyes 3 will showcase all of it's alternate endings ,  but at this point ,  i'm not sure if i care .    so by all means ,  if you loved the first thhe so much it's almost a sin not to see this ,  then by all means ,  see it .  but if else ,  then ,  avoid at all costs .  it's for your own good .   3/10
this movie was just plain dumb i do not think it was scary at all i went in hoping to be shocked and scared but was mostly laughing some of the scenes were just to fake and thrown together blood scenes were extremely over cg and some of the mutants were ridiculously gay looking it also sucked because the acting was just plain horrible u think they could get some good actors and most of the characters i hated just because how stupid and lame they acted even though they were supposed to be in the military i get to watch movies for free and seen many people walking out im guessing because it was so dumb kinda glad i didn't have to pay for it in short dumb ass movie don't see it .  .  . but then again thats my opinion
the film picks up after last years remake with the military setting up electronic surveillance equipment in the desert where the attacks in the first film happened .  the crew is killed not long before a group of soldiers on a training exercise show up to find no one around .  you can fill in the rest .   this is a paycheck picture all around .  there seems to be no passion in anyone's performances ,  nor in anyone behind the camera .  this is a movie that was made for the money and nothing else .  on some level this should have worked ,  it could have been a more horrific southern comfort  ( where national guardsmen run afoul of some people in the swamps )  ,  but instead its not much of anything .  in large part you can blame the script ,  written unbelievably in part by wes craven ,  which hits the same old targets again and again .  add to the mess the fact that the direction is dull and the set up of sequences is so lack luster as to remove any inherent tension in any scene .   its not bad as such ,  but badly made and dull .  let me put my feelings into context :  the reason i saw this film was because a local multiplex screwed up and ran this film instead of the kids flick the last mimzy and i wanted to see what caused the out cry ( i mean the films have so much in common-he says sarcastically )  .  i'm convinced that this film will only scare those who like the last mimzy . 
the annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story .  .  . it's something i would have done my 1st year in film school .  very sad .  additionally ,  the story just seemed to drag on for no apparent reason .  .  . there were too many things just thrown in there that had nothing to do with the story ,  which makes me feel that the creative team didn't really know what they were doing ,  or just that it should have been shorter .  .  . which would have been a blessing ,  not a crime .  as i have just watched all of the episodes up to this point over the past week .  .  . i'd have to say that this was by far the worst ,  and i just wanted to warn others not to start with this one . 
alexandre aja's remake of the hills have eyes was one of the bright spots of 2006 .  not only was it a remake of a classic horror film ,  but it was pretty damned good too .  so ,  nearly a year later ,  we are being treated to the sequel to that remake .  while original scripter wes craven is back as producer and co scripted ,  this film just fails to rise to the level set by the original and the remake .  a group of military trainees stop by in the desert to check in on some scientists and find themselves run afoul of the mutant family from the first film  ( at least those that remain plus some new ones )  .  there's plenty of gore to be had here .  what annoys me about this film is the utter lack of characterization .  the viewer does not give a damn about what happens to any of these people because we haven't gotten into them .  even the mutants had some characterization last time out and this time ,  nothing .  gore for the sake of gore is pointless .  there has to be a reason for this to happen for it to be interesting .  nothing that happens here is interesting .  and what is it lately with rape scenes in films ?  here we get yet another one for no real reason .  hopefully this is one set of hills that won't be visited again . 
as has been stated countless times ,   " the hills have eyes 2 "  is not a remake of the  ( generally disregarded )  mid-'80s sequel to wes craven's 1977 original .  but wishing to give this postmodern sequel-to-a-remake the official stamp of diminishing returns ,  craven himself  ( a double threat alongside his son ,  jonathan )  has decided to pen a film that is of the same quality--in plain english ,  horrible .  former music-video director martin weisz takes the reins from alexandre aja ,  and is clearly in way over his head--yet one wonders how anyone could have created a watchable film from the cravens' screen writing 101 scrawl .  not only are the characters  ( in this case ,  a gang of goofball national guards ( wo ) men sent to investigate the turbulent hills of the original remake )  completely obnoxious and prone to really annoying genre pitfalls  ( played without a lick of irony ,  mind you )  ,  but they are constantly cracking jokes that aren't funny .  after viewing their total ineptitude during a training exercise ,  their fate against the repulsive ,  roaming cannibals is painfully obvious .  only this time out--as in the original '80s sequel--the script is so simplistic  ( barely existent ,  actually )  that any potential subtext is jettisoned in favor of upping the ante in repulsive shocks  ( we're treated to a combo childbirth-murder during the opening credits ,  plus a gratuitous rape for those who haven't ejected the dvd by the midpoint !  )  .  even the mutants in this outing are personality-free freaks of no memorable stature--the tacky ,  rubbery-looking makeup fx seems ,  like the rest of the film ,  to be trying to hide its face from embarrassment .  i really groaned at the lame 'surprise' at the end of aja's otherwise excellent film ,  and the producers quite literally go for broke at the end of  " hills 2 ,  "  setting the stage--very lamely setting the stage--for a third installment .  .  . yet the cravens and weisz have created a film that is such a cynical bastardization of what made the 1977/2006 versions work that they'd be hard-pressed to find an audience after this insulting slap in the face . 
i'm no horror movie buff ,  but my wife's nieces and nephews are .  so ,  i saw the first movie .  it was gruesome ,  and tense ,  but not my taste .  still good though .  for similar reasons ,  at this very moment ,  i am being exposed to a sequel .   the premise itself is beyond absurd .  i can buy that disasters occur in the desert .  i can buy that mutants exists .  i can even buy that the events might be so weird and strange that the military may decide to get involved .  it is unlikely ,  yes ,  but i'm willing to suspend my belief .   however ,  under no circumstances am i willing to believe that the military squad assigned to recon such an area would be unable to fend off the mutants .  being a member of the united states army ,  i can assure that while fresh recruits may lack the seasoned eyes and experience of combat soldiers ,  any such recruits would be integrated into a capable squad .   a squad of armed soldiers is not about to be taken out by a few mutants with knives .  that's just the way it works .  squad movements ,  vastly superior firepower ,  and of course ,  radio support ,  would ensure nothing less than total victory .  i'm not saying you wouldn't have casualties ,  but as soon as the area was verified as hostile ,  military training would take precedence ,  no-one would go off on their own even to use the bathroom .   and if it were discovered that the area was so infested with hostiles that the squad was unable to handle the danger ,  they would radio in for backup .  and believe me ,  their radios would not be jammed ,  if there was a chance that normal radios would not do ,  the squad would have a military issue satellite phone .  chances are ,  if they were unable to check in every hour ,  a search would be called .   in order to accept this movie ,  you must accept that our soldiers are incompetent fools ,  with incompetent leaders ,  and an incompetent chain of command .  while it may still be true that the most dangerous thing in the world is a lieutenant with a map and compass ,  our military forces are filled with intelligent ,  well-trained ,  competent soldiers .  mutants with knives are far below our ability to deal with .   with the whole execution of the movie depending solidly on the impossible to imagine ,  the film fails to deliver .  instead ,  we are expected to believe that our soldiers ,  sailors ,  and airmen are incapable of dealing with even the most mediocre threats .   as a combat veteran ,  i find the movie insulting . 
this ludicrous and inept film is certainly the most misguided version of  " hamlet "  to ever reach the screen .  branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar ;  going to such lengths as depicting ophelia in a straight jacket ,  having fortinbras' army appear suddenly on the horizon  ( looking very much like the climax of  " monty python and the holy grail "  )  when the palace is apparently guarded only by francisco  ( who shouts the very un-shakespearean cry of  " ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack "  before being gunned down )  ,  and multitudes of star cameos that harken back to the days of jimmy cagney's bottom and mary pickford's kate .   branagh chose to set his film in an edwardian setting but at the same time decided to employ an almost uncut text ,  so that frequently the dialogue that is firmly rooted in elizabethan mentality makes no sense in the context that it is being performed .  and branagh does not concern himself with such textural subtleties as the ambiguous nature of hamlet and olphelia's relationship ,  treating the audience to a vulgar nude sex scene between the couple that tosses any ambiguity right out the stained glass window .   the uncut text does allow branagh to indulge in his favorite cinematic pastime :  more footage of kenneth branagh .  this is never so apparent as in the  " how all occasions inform against me "  speech that ends the first half of the nineteen hour film  ( at least that's how it feels )  ,  which attempts to play to a dramatic crescendo along the lines of gone with the wind's  " i'll never be hungry again .  "  this may serve branagh's ego ,  but it does not serve shakespeare or the speech :  when i saw the film in the theater ,  i leaned over to my companion and snickered  " great moments with mr .  hamlet .  "  branagh saves the funniest and most tasteless moment for last ,  when he attempts to out-do the olivier film and its justly celebrated death of claudius by having hamlet jump from off a high tower onto the monarch ,  impaling him with a sword .  branagh's dane does in the king by heroically throwing an apparently magic rapier from across the palace to run through claudius' heart with a super hero's bulls eye .  the only thing that saved the moment from being unbearably maddening was that it was so off-the-wall funny .   while this film has been praised in some quarters as a serious depiction of the tragedy ,  it is in fact nothing but a star-studded display of a once-talented filmmaker being overtaken by his own narcissism .  the emperor has no clothes ,  and this hamlet has nothing to offer but a few unintended laughs and the appalling sight of one man's ego out of control . 
no plot ,  crappy acting ,  and pointless gore .  .  .  .   this is supposed to be a horror movie ?  there's no fear ,  or suspense ,  just boom bang gore ,  then done .  some kinda marines are in the desert for some weird ,  crappy reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie ,  which was good ,  and should have been left it at that .   this is just another excuse for money ,  and use of pointless violence ,  just like the  " saw "  sequels .  they know no matter how pointless the plot is ,  and the more gore they can add ,  people will see it .  i miss good suspenseful horror movies .  come on hollywood ,  you can do much ,  much better . 
wow this is the worst movie ever .  the only reason i signed up for imdb was so i could complain about this movie .  i have never walked out of a theater or stoped a dvd but i almost stopped this one  ( and i should have )  .  but i watched it all the way to the end just to get let down again with an absolutely terrible ending .  wow if this is all that wes craven can produce his time is long up .  i've never seen the first one and will never after watching this .  its terrible acting with a terrible plot .  hey looks someone is shinning a mirror at us lets go check it out .  and the sad part is that when this movie came to dvd it was completely checked out at blockbuster forever .  so i feel bad for all the people that saw this junk . 
i couldn't believe my eyes once i've watched this movie .  there's no point in it either then blood and violence .  unlike other scary movies that had gore and a meaning to it this movie is just blood ,  gore ,  and killing one after another .  this movie isn't interesting at all ,  has no meaningful plot or story line ,  nor does it have an intelligence in it .  the blood looks very fake and this movie overall ,  is pointless .  don't even waste your time with it .  it's just an hour or two of mindless violence .  it has many bloody scenes that aren't scary but just plain revolting .  this is probably the worst horror film i have ever watched out of all the horror films i ever saw . 
this movie pretty much sucked .  i'm in the army and the soldiers depicted in this movie are horrible .  if your in the military and you see this movie you'll laugh and be upset the entire movie because of the way they acted as a squad .  it was ridiculous .  they acted like a bunch of normal people with army uniforms on not knowing what to do .  it was a pretty gory movie i'd have to say the least .  there was a couple scenes where they try to make you jump .  i'd recommend seeing it if you are bored and want to see a violent ,  gory movie .  it will be a better movie also if your not in the military .  i also would have to say i liked the first one better than this one . 
isn't anyone else tired of that old cliché' where a nearly dead person shows up in a horror film ,  gives us some informations ,  and then blasts his head off for no apparent reason ?  i know i am .   the sad thing is that it's use in this film is worthless .  if you have seen the first film  ( the first remake i should say )  then the information given is completely worthless ,  because you would have already known it .  i guess ,  you can that it isn't worthless to the main characters .  . but then why does the idiot shoot himself in the head ?  wouldn't he want to live ?  sure ,  he would have died anyway .  .   this is the second film to be titled  " the hills have eyes ii .  "  the first being the sequel to the original 70's film .  this is where it gets a little complicated for someone like me .  see ,  i'm probably part of minority of people my age that even knew there was a hhe2 to begin with ,  much less an original hhe1 .  and now that we have a sequel to a remake and the fact that this sequel is named exactly as the sequel to the original hhe1 .  .  . it just makes it worse !  but anyways .  .   wes craven's original hills have eyes was decent .  in the end ,  though ,  the idea was better than the presentation ,  but he most likely had a low budget .  to be quite honest ,  wes craven isn't that good of a horror director .  he's only made a few good horror movies  ( nightmare on elm st .  ,  new nightmare )  ,  a few alright ones  ( scream )  and a bunch of horrible ones  ( cursed ,  shocker ,  vampire in brooklyn )  .  oh yeah ,  and he made swamp thing ,  as well .  .  . but the original hhe2 falls under the latter category .  i've only seen a few minutes ,  but it was terrible .   now he has co-written the new hhe2 .  . and it's such a disappointment !  last year's hhe remake was even better than the original film .  it was tense .  i guess it had to do with the fact that the main characters were a family ,  and not a bunch of beer and pot and sex crazy teenagers .  it made us feel dirty .  for the first hour ,  we were in hell ,  and finally in the last few moments ,  the good guys got revenge on the bad guys and it felt good .  .   this new film has no tension .  no suspense whatsoever .  just violent things happening to mostly stupid people .  there is hardly any menacing presence here .  just ugly hobos hiding under rocks .   i'm getting tired of horror movies where people die because of the stupid mistakes they keep making .  it was just the other day that i watching  " deep blue sea "  where samuel l .  jackson kept on walking around the water ,  while giving the speech ,  and then he gets eaten by a shark ,  only because the idiot stayed to close to the water .  . something that nobody would do in the given situation !  here is the exact same thing .  people go off by themselves to take a leak even though they know people are dying .  . seriously ,  couldn't a potty break wait ?  and then when you think people would have learned ,  someone else goes of by themselves !  seriously ,  isn't more scary when the characters are bringing their a-game and still losing ?  i would think so .  .  .   it even under delivers .  it should have made the first remake look like  " the fog "  remake  ( which was less menacing than an episode of  " becker "  )  .  more bad guys .  more time in the caves .  more tension .  more of everything .   but it actually downgrades .  less bad guys .  no tension .  sure we have more time in the caves ,  but not a whole lot happens there .  in the end ,  it only seems like there is two or three bad guys .  the last film made it seem like a whole tribe of people .  where is this tribe ?  who keeps on watching them through binoculars ?  seriously ,  these are the things this film should have brought us ,  but it ends with the exact same promise that the last film gave us ,  with that exact same  " being watched "  scene .  come on !  i'll give the devil it's due .  the look of the film is good .  . but thats it .   i don't even think fans of gore will like this .  . though i'm probably wrong !  there is gore  ( though most of it is sped-up while in the dark )  ,  but without the tension ,  and characters you even care about .  . the gore does nothing in my book !  in the end ,  you're not frightened .  you ; re not shocked  ( unless you're an 8 year old girl )  .  you don't even feel like you have seen anything new . 
i appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies ,  but they should at least hire some proper actors .  the sergeant especially is guilty of using his monotone to bulldozer every single line he has .  but let's face it ,  the lines aren't really important .  there isn't really a recognisable plot ,  so most of the writing involves the words f**k ,  s**t ,  m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in place of proper dialogue .   the 'story' as it is ,  is mostly made up of seemingly random gore and death ,  with a couple of cringe-worthy 'surprises' ,  which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen .  not only this ,  but there are several glaring plot holes and continuity errors  ( why are they going in there ?  didn't he have a weapon ?  wasn't he dead ?  )  ,  so it makes the whole film seem as if it has been cut down by the several hours it would take to fix them .   another film which simply relies on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience . 
my god .  this movie was awful .  i can't complain about it too much .  i went to see it just to be grossed out .  it did suffice ,  sort of .  it's funny that the most disgusting part of the movie was in the very ,  very beginning where the woman is extremely vividly forced to give birth to a horribly mutated baby .   i also think that it's funny that the most notable actor in the movie was the hispanic soldier ,  who was a supporting actor in next friday .  everyone in the movie did a horrible acting job .  it was some of the worst acting i've ever paid to see .    i also expected that it would be much more gruesome than the first one .  it wasn't .  i expected it to be more gruesome because it's a sequel and horror movie sequels are usually much less successful than their predecessors .  i expected it to be more gruesome since gore and violence usually sell a horror movie these days  ( grudge 2 ,  saw 3 ,  jeepers creepers 1 & 2 ,  dead silence )  ,  but it actually wasn't nearly as gruesome as the first one ,  which was yet another disappointment .    the mutants in the first one were kind of disturbing but the filmmakers were trying so hard in this one to make them creepy that they were absolutely hilarious .   i also hated the entire concept of showing the clip of the female soldier's son on her camera-phone saying  " i love you ,  mommy "  four times .  it was stupid to show it in the first place because they were just trying to make us feel worse for the vulnerable mother than the rest of the soldiers ,  and it was even more stupid to keep trying to make us feel even worse for her by showing it three more times for no reason .  this movie was a joke . 
martin weisz ,  who directed the solid  " rohtenburg "  ,  will be taking the heat ,  with wes craven ,  for another shabby  " the hills have eyes 2 "  .  the memory of the legendary original ,  which boasted an unbelievable storyline and a dog having a flashback ,  will be erased forever by this more technically polished remake  ( in name only )  .  a bunch of national guardsmen  ( and women )  are sent to a desert research area surrounded by hills filled with mutants .  one by one the weekend soldiers are picked off .  that's it .  there is some hardcore violence and a reasonably brutal rape scene ,  but there is precious little else to get excited about .  the film's  " heroes "  are the usual bunch of clichés and the mutants ,  a far cry from craven's original  " family "  ,  mostly resemble brian thompson from  " cobra "  coupled with some creatures stan winston had left over from the  " wrong turn "  shoot .  much of the action takes place in caves ,  ala  " the descent "  ,  and is well shot by sam mccurdy .  a laughable aspect is wes and jonathan craven's addition of a sympathetic mutant who skulks around his cave like leatherface in hooper's original  " chainsaw "  .  weisz will be blamed for this dull debacle ,  but he's not really at fault because he does his best to maintain suspense and squeeze some freshness out of the contrived situations .  not a fan ,  unfortunately . 
the premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake i expected a lot sincerely .   the sad truth is that this movie is really absurd and inept .  the situations are dumb and beyond reason and the acting is truly awful .   this time there aren't likable characters or violins unlike the remake .  also ,  the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it's truly bad .   the violence is minimal and it's a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there's room for heavy violence .  i mean ,  there's a swat team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants .  you surely expect something different !  when i watched it on the movies i wanted my money back .   anyways this is a clear example of how rushed out movies turn out to be a mess and demonstrate poor quality on all aspects .   a mess that let down the fans of the remake like me .  that's why sequels are never welcomed ;  at least this movie isn't as terrible as the 1985 sequel to the original . 
okay ,  let's not get confused here .  if this is a sequel to a remake of an original horror classic ,  does that mean it also automatically is a remake of the original horror classic's sequel ?  here's to hoping that's not a general rule ,  as wes craven's own sequel to the original  " the hills have eyes "   released somewhere during the mid-80's  is easily one of the worst and absolute most redundant horror movies ever made .  part two didn't have an actual plot and re-used footage of the original only to further exploit the success of the genuinely gritty and petrifying premise .  craven also wanted us to believe even dogs suffer from flashbacks and painful memories ,  as the loyal german shepard of the carter family re-experienced his bloody fight with one of the mountain hillbillies .  there were quite a bit of alarming signs indicating us that this sequel would be a horrendous failure as well .  the remake came out barely one year ago and here's the sequel already ?  the incredible speed of its release righteously causes you to question the quality of the script .  don't they need a little more time if they want to come up with a film that should be scary ,  menacing and disturbing ?  with his excellent film ,  alexandre aja nearly single-handedly altered the general opinion about horror remakes ,  as he had the courage and intellect of changing essential elements in the plot and adding more nauseating gore than anyone could ever had hoped for .  also ,  aja is quite a talented young director and made himself noticed with his french instant cult classic  " high tension "  ,  but who is this new director ?  aja's  " the hills have eyes "  was an unexpected hit ,  appreciated by both experienced and older generations of horror fans as well as the younger and over-enthusiast target groups .  it's a really good film and ,  even though an avalanche of new sequels and clones will be inevitable ,  it's highly unlikely that one of them will ever equal the surprising quality level of aja's smashing hit .  bearing all this in mind ,  plus a rather large dose of personal skepticism ,  i must admit this rushed sequel really isn't as awful as anticipated .  the screenplay is routine and clichéd horror fodder ,  introducing a fairly large number of characters with few or even no backbone and tastelessly depicting how they get slaughtered by traditionally repulsive-looking freaks .  after the events of the first film ,  the us army has set up a camp in the middle of the new mexican desert to investigate the effects of the nuclear tests ,  which took place there in the 50's and 60's .  for the horribly mutated survivors of the miner's community that stayed there during the radioactive testing ,  the scientists and researchers form a tasty starter until the main course of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck .  they are just supposed to drop off food and supplies but encounter their ultimate military training exercise when faced with the relentless humanoids that live inside the remainders of the mines .   this basically is just another by-the-numbers slasher with dumb characters who are ,  even after losing several of their friends already ,  still stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and act like easy targets to kill .  it's also very easy to point out which ones will make it out of this adventure alive ,  especially when one of the soldiers is against all types of violence and another one continuously stares at video images of her cute 3-year-old son .   " the hills have eyes ii "  completely lacks  as to be expected  originality ,  logic and plausible situations .  the mutated miners aren't nearly as menacing as their colleagues in part one ,  mainly because they aren't organized this time and only just behave like drooling and sex-hungry prototype monsters .  since you don't care for the amateur g . i .  joe  " heroes "  and definitely don't feel any sympathy for the eyes in the hills ,  this film is a whole lot less compelling and involving than last year's original .  most peculiarly ,  this second film isn't nearly as violent and gory as the first !  sequels usually compensate the lack of suspense and the absence of surprise-twists with extra bloodshed and more graphic killing sequences ,  but the action in this sequel is really tame compared to the sick footage featuring in its predecessor .  there are a handful of scenes to satisfy the bloodthirsty horror fanatics  mainly showing soldiers falling down cliffs or getting shot by their own guns  but there sadly aren't any outrageous pick-axe battles or virulent dog attacks .  what a shame !  what's the point of a sequel if it even fails to surpass the level of grossness and/or gratuitous filth of the original ?  luckily enough the film is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental ,  and you'll have the most fun spotting all the things that don't make the slightest bit of sense !  for example ,  wallets falling out of people's bloodied heads ,  women without any muscle power cast as tough-ass soldiers and  my personal favorite  assigning the one soldier with a speaking disability to operate the radio communications . 
thhe2 is entertaining in that you'll laugh a lot and cringe and probably say  " oh sh*t !  "  and  " get your face away from the goddamn hole you dumb**s "  or things along those lines but i don't know if its really worth seeing- i was very annoyed throughout the entirety with the horrible military characters who don't seem to know the first thing about combat .   yes there was more violence ,  gore ,  and a higher body count than the first one but i am still am debating whether that cancels out my feeling throughout the whole movie about how ridiculous it is  ( and not a good ridiculousness like dead alive or feast )  .  my time would have been better spent watching aja's remake for the 5th time .   so go for some laughs ,  or go for some gore ,  but don't go hoping to come out of it satisfied . 
i saw this film on its release ,  and have watched it 3 or 4 more times ,  including last week .  i regret i have to be a voice of dissension with regard to mr .  branagh's performance .   this is really a glorious ,  sumptuous film ,  to say nothing of ambitious at over 4 hours long - beautifully shot and designed .  derek jacobi ,  julie christie ,  kate winslet ,  richard briers ,  and many others do fine jobs .  then there's kenneth branagh .  if ever there was a vanity project for an actor ,  this is it ,  and mr .  branagh spares nothing in putting the  " ham "  in hamlet .  from the stunt casting  ( which gives us the worst performance ever by the woefully miscast jack lemmon )  ,  to the bits of distracting business thrown in to infuse a sense of  " naturalness ,  "  to his own performance which runs the gamut from throwing away the single most famous soliloquy in all of literature to screaming every line of others .  his performance confirms that ,  while he may come across better on stage where bigger is necessary ,  he has never been a great film actor .  the scenery budget could be charged to catering ,  mr .  branagh eats so much of it .  his performance is a perfect example of why people don't go to see shakespeare -  " full of sound and fury ,  signifying nothing .  "  and if there is fault to his direction ,  it is that he keeps the camera firmly glued on his overblown performance .   no matter what theories people may posit on the bard ,  he was ,  after all is said and done ,  a playwright .  the brilliance of his plays rest in the fact that his themes are universal and timeless .  although there is no  " right "  way to play his plays ,  there is most certainly great acting ,  good acting and bad acting .  shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text of  " hamlet "  itself .  it amazes me how mr .  branagh  " mouthed "  it ,  but did not hear it .  it was an example of spending too much time working out how he's going to say something ,  and too little figuring out what he's saying .   while mr .  branagh has certainly done a wonderful job in mounting some entertaining productions ,  he would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice it .  his direction has always been better than his acting .  i still give him immense credit for resurrecting interest in filming shakespeare .  he set a great template for other productions .  and ,  it would be interesting to see him onstage ,  from about 20 rows back .  but ,  i do hope he chooses to direct more and act less .   is it worth seeing ?  certainly .  there are many little joys to be found in the film .  but ,  it's a long ,  long movie and ,  by the end ,  one may feel less that they enjoyed than survived it . 
the hills have eyes ii is what you would expect it to be and nothing more .  of course it's not going to be an oscar nominated film ,  it's just pure entertainment which you can just lose yourself in for 90 minutes .   the plot is basically about a group of national guard trainees who find themselves battling against the notorious mutated hillbillies on their last day of training in the desert .  it's just them fighting back throughout the whole film ,  which includes a lot of violence  ( which is basically the whole film )  as blood and guts are constantly flying around throughout the whole thing ,  and also yet another graphic rape scene which is pointlessly thrown in to shock the audience .   i'd give the hills have eyes ii 4 out of 10 for pure entertainment ,  and that only .  although even then i found myself looking at my watch more and more as the film went on ,  as it began to drag due to the fact it continued to try and shock the audience with graphic gore and the occasional jump scene just to make sure the audience stays awake .  the hills have eyes ii is just decent entertainment ,  something to pass time if you're bored ,  and nothing else .   4/10
last year's remake of 'the hills have eyes' was one of the better attempts to update the vaguely exploitational horror flicks of the 1970s for a new audience .  alexandre aja allowed for an admirable degree of character development and when the violence started it was mean and savage and all carried out in a landscape of impeccable photography and production design .  i was one of the few people who actually thought that it was better than the original and looked forward to a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of the savage desert mutants .   'the hills have eyes 2' ,  released just a year after the original ,  seems a rushed and ill-conceived attempt to cash in on the franchise with little thought to quality .  jonathan craven's screenplay could have been written in a weekend ,  and given the speed with which this movie made it into cinemas ,  probably was .  it falls back on every hackneyed genre cliché in the book while offering absolutely nothing new to the desert mutant mythology .  i always let out a groan of disappointment when a sequel replaces civilian characters with the military .  soldiers are always so lazily written and never fail to thoroughly bore with crude caricatures of strutting macho bullshit .  in my mind ,  'aliens' was the only movie to successfully make such a transition ,  due to james cameron's talent ,  not simply for directing the best action sequences around ,  but never forgetting that an audience has to care about the people being butchered .  he was also ably assisted by some genuinely talented actors .  with 'the hills have eyes 2' ,  it's clear that video director martin weisz is no james cameron ,  and the cast of television bit-parters haven't the talent or even the inclination to turn their cardboard cutout characters into anything approaching living ,  breathing human beings .   needless to say ,  every character is a broad and generic cliché .  they act in dumb and illogical ways ,  making dumb and illogical decisions that lead them to predictably dumb and illogical deaths .  the latter half of the movie becomes just another tedious chased-through-dark-corridors scenario .  'the descent'  ( on which sam mccurdy ,  coincidentally ,  also worked as cinematography )  proved that even this most derivative of sequences can still be carried out with genuine originality and suspense ,  but we see no such innovation here .   'the hills have eyes 2' is just a very lazy movie ,  devoid of any suspense ,  tension ,  or surprise ,  with not a single individual involved remotely interested in producing anything of quality .  it's a tame and tired excuse for a sequel and deserves to spend the rest of its life in a blockbuster's bargain bin . 
'the hills eyes ii' ,  one of the most pointless and blatantly stupid sequels to come around in some time ,  is 90 minutes of incompetent film making at its finest .  or worst ,  however you choose to look at it .  while 2006's 'hills' remake was one of the year's best ,  and truly frightening ,  horror films ,  this sequel takes every spark out of what made that such an accomplishment .  part 2 never gets off the ground ,  and neither does its mind numbing dialogue .  worst of all ,  it's not that scary .   2006's remake followed a family who find themselves in the middle of the new mexico desert ,  deserted ,  and one by one being picked off by deranged and sadistic hill people .  people who ,  as a result of the military testing the atomic bomb on their land years ago ,  have become who they are .  surviving off travelers who wander into the region .  the sequel puts audiences in the same desert ,  now occupied by the military as they covertly investigate the hills and what might have happened to that poor family .  when a group of military trainees are brought to the campsite ,  they find it deserted with no signs of life .  a grim reality soon befalls them ,  as they come to the realization that they're not alone .  and the bloody fate that was handed to many before them will soon become their destiny .   it doesn't take a genius to realize that 'hills' has no legitimate reason to exist .  but because last year's remake was received well both at the box office and by critics ,  it came to no surprise that a sequel would be rushed into production while there's still money to be earned .  there's no rhyme or reason to it this time around ,  just an unbelievable and ridiculous set-up to pave the way for thoughtless characters ,  unoriginal killings ,  a non-existent story ,  and slipping interest .  originally ,  director alexander aja made craven's cult classic into a remake that was a unique and thoroughly disturbing experience .  one that gruesomely crossed the line on more than one occasions .  its frank display of violence ,  sadistic torture ,  well-rounded characterization ,  and white-knuckled suspense were all effectively used to shock and repulse audiences .  the second time around ,  it's rehashed hand-me-downs .  there's no style ,  no grit .  it tries to build up tension by dismembering bodies ,  when all it really does is make for a been there ,  done that kind film ,  where even the gore seems tame compared to more recent bloodbaths .   it's a sad state of affairs when deformed mutants who capture women for breeding purposes fails to keep your attention .  it's a bore ,  nothing more .  'hills' has no bite .  despite a jump or two here and there ,  there's nothing very scary about this by-the-numbers horror flick .  it feels like something you'd see on the sci-fi channel ,  only with some f-bombs ,  a blood splatter here and there ,  a rape ,  and a graphic birth scene that's more gross than shocking .  it's cheap .  and with 'hills' ,  you reap what you sew .  with no effort given ,  you can't expect anything in return .   replacing aja with martin weisz as director was the film's first big mistake ,  all he does is drain the film of any sort of emotional resonance .  but even more shocking is the uncharacteristically bad script penned by wes craven and his son ,  jonathan craven .  you ask ,  how bad could it possibly be ?  this is the kind of dialogue that makes any comparison look like shakespeare .  craven has had his fair share of clunkers in the past ,  but i'd never expect something like this from him .  it's so unintentionally funny ,  you have to wonder ,  is craven playing a joke on this ?  or did he dump this one on his son after the studio payed him off ?  the film's characters are one-dimensional talking heads with no emotions or common sense .  the acting is just as bad .  the only character who may win you over is 'napoleon' napoli ,  the scrawny kid who doesn't fit in with the others .  even the deranged and instinct-driven villains ,  who we might have found some favor with in the deepest of our thoughts a year ago ,  are met with indifferent .  you don't hate them ,  you don't like them .  you honestly couldn't care less .  just like this movie .   even if you were giddy with fear during 'the hills have eyes' ,  as i was ,  you'll have a tough time finding anything to enjoy in this piece of garbage .  it's as generic as generic gets ,  and there's absolutely nothing here we haven't seen done many times already .  i can't express this enough ,  avoid 'the hills have eyes ii' like the plague .  it's frightless ,  unoriginal ,  frantic ,  and a bore .  stick to the remake or craven's original vision .  because if you don't walk out after the first thirty minutes ,  don't say i didn't warn you . 
okay ,  i've tried and i've tried ,  but i still don't get this guy maddin thing .  tales from the gimli hospital left me cold ,  that movie about the austrian villagers and the one about the ice nymph were pretty to look but lacking in the story department .  .  . and this nudie movie about abortion and hockey is just boring .  i'm glad maddin has an appreciation for silent film ,  but i dislike his films for the same reason i dislike the films of quentin tarantino :  they're empty homages to better ,  more imaginative films--films that advanced the art form or broke new ground--and are all style and no substance .  no amount of jump cuts and odd camera angles can disguise the fact that maddin is an unoriginal david lynch wannabe ,  though he does have one advantage over tarantino :  he generally doesn't write embarrassing dialogue ,  because most of his films rely on intertitles .  the bottom line is ,  maddin's schtick is clever clever film-making for aspiring film majors . 
i've seen many of guy maddin's films ,  and liked most of them ,  but this one literally gave me a headache .  john gurdebeke's editing is way too frenetic ,  and ,  apart from a tour-de-force sequence showing a line of heads snapping to look at one object ,  does nothing but interfere with the actors' ability to communicate with the audience .   another thing i disliked about this film was that it seemed more brutal than maddin's earlier works--though his films have always had dark elements ,  his sympathy for the characters gave the movies an overriding feeling of humanity .  this one seemed more like harshness for harshness' sake .   as i'm required to add more lines of text before imdb will accept my review ,  i will mention that the actor playing  " guy maddin "  does manage to ape his facial expressions pretty well . 
corridors of time .  the movie you can watch if you're looking for a sophisticated way of suicide .  some use guns ,  ropes ,  or gas ,  but you want to ruin your brains  ?  do not wait any longer  !  corridors of time is probably one of the biggest possible mistakes  :  thinking christian clavier is able to act and to bring you fun .  i do not miss the 45 francs this poor thing cost me  :  sometimes ,  one has to reset its evaluation system looking at the absolute zero .  this film deserves a 2/10 ,  but that's only because i like jean reno .  too bad for him ,  he also stars in ronin .  i think i'm gonna dislike him .  .  . 
the original  " les visiteurs "  was original ,  hilarious ,  interesting ,  balanced and near perfect .  lv2 must be a candidate for  " worst first sequel to a really good film "  .  in lv2 everyone keeps shouting ,  when a gag doesn't work first it's repeated another 5 times with some vague hope that it will eventually become funny .  lv2 is a horrible parody of lv1 ,  except of course that a parody should be inventive .  if you loved lv1 just don't see this film ,  just see lv1 again !  ! 
in 1993 ,   " the visitors "  was an enormous hit in france .  so ,  the sequence was inevitable and unfortunately ,  this sequence ranks among the worst ones ever made .    this is a movie that doesn't keep its promises .  indeed ,  it's supposed to tell a sole story .  jean reno must go in the twentieth century and take christian clavier back in the middle ages so that time can normally follow its course .  the problem is that clavier feels completely at ease in the world of the twentieth century ,  and so make him get back in the middles ages is rather hard .  .  .  instead of this ,  the movie goes on several other stories without succeeding in following the main plot .  as a consequence ,  the movie becomes sometimes muddle-headed ,  sometimes a bit of a mess .   but the movie also suffers from the performance of nearly all the actors .  reno and clavier fall into the trap that however they could avoid in the first movie :  they're going over the top and become annoying .  then ,  why did jean-marie poiré the film-maker engage muriel robin in the female main role ?  he made a mistake because she seems ill-at-ease and is absolutely pitiful .  the other actors aren't better :  marie-anne chazel is nonexistent and christian bujeau ,  unbearable .    of course ,  the movie contains a few good moments with efficient gags but it often falls into vulgarity and easiness .  certain sequences and dialogs are affected .  it also appears hollow because poiré takes back elements that secured the success of the first movie .  thus ,  a young girl takes reno for a close relative of her family and asks him to take part in her wedding .   a labored and disappointing follow-up .  anyway ,  what's the interest of this movie otherwise commercial ?   
everybody who wants to be an editor should watch this movie !  it shows you about every mistake not to do in editing a movie !  my grandma could have done better than that !  but that's not the only reason why this movie is really bad !   ( it's actually so bad that i'm not able to write a sentence without exclamation mark !  )  if the first episode of les visiteurs' was a quite good familial comedy with funny jokes and cult dialogues ,  this sequel is copying badly the receipe of the first one .  the funny parts could be counted on one hand and maybe half of it .  clavier is over-acting his role even more than in the first part ,  robin is trying to act like lemercier  ( because she's replacing her )  but that's grotesque' .  lemercier is lemercier ,  robin is robin !  even if muriel robin can be funny by herself on stage ,  she is not in this movie because she's not acting as she used to act .  i know that it should be hard to replace somebody who was good in a role  ( lemercier obtained a césar award for her role in the first movie )  but she made a big mistake :  instead of playing her role ,  she played lemercier playing her role' !  as for the story ,  it's just too much !  of course we knew at he end of the first movie that there would be a sequel but poiré and clavier should hae tried to write a more simple story like the first episode .  the gags are repetitive ,  childish and déjà-vu .  no ,  really ,  there's no more than 3 funny parts in this .  the only good things might be the costumes and some special effects .  so you have only 2 reasons to watch it :  1 )  if you want to learn how to edit awfully a movie ,  2 )  if you want to waste your time or if you really need a brainless moment' !  2/10
this film is so bad and gets worse in every imaginable fashion .  its not just the poor acting and script nor is it the lame and perverse time one wastes on watching it .  what really puts this film in my hall of shame is the apparent struggling that the writers and producers do with the film to try and make it funny .  the actress replacing jean reno's descendant is to old and learned her lesson in the first film so they add a new girl who is to be married .  nearly all of the original extras and gags return however this time makes me want to ripe my eyes out of my sockets because it's a waste of perfectly good film .  the torture of the constant camera cuts and shots in any scene in this movie can put the viewer into violent convolutions .  this second film takes the successful original and drags it out of its coffin and parades the corpse out in the public square and perversely degrades not only the original idea and its legacy but our intelligence as well .  this film unlike the spruce goose could not fly for it had no plot in the principals returning for a 'necklace' .  no script since it was apparently written and added to daily .  no attention to camera or shots in mind .  poor lighting and special effects done for the sake of doing so .  this film would not even pass for a student film in basic film 101 .  how this pile got through no one can tell .  it was a big loosing investment and it appears that no one had the strength to put this unnatural cruel mistake out of our miseries .  this movie has one good part  .  .  . its end !  this film is my #1 worst film of all time ,  finally  " howard the duck "  is no longer the goose . 
in a way ,  corridors of time is a success story because the movie reaches its goal  :  being seen by thousands .  but it fails at making them laugh .  .  .   les visiteurs has had its success ,  because the subject was an original way of considering the time travel  :  forget about zemeckis's back to the future ,  here comes the old france ,  the middle-age knight and its nearly barbaric way of life .  full of pride ,  funny thanks to the ancient words he uses ,  montmirail can sometimes be disgusting but he keeps his honor .  then comes the sequel .   nobody had foreseen the tremendous success of les visiteurs ,  the first .  and it's no use being a movie expert to realize that the corridors of time has been made for money .   the general story begins after the end of les visiteurs ,  and immediately tries to justify the sequel with a time paradox that would have needed some second tought .  explanation  :  it's no use trying to get back the jewelry jacquouille has stolen  ;  don't you remember this nice red shiny and expensive car he bought at the end of the 1st episode  ?  where do you think he found the money  ?  selling the jewelry .  .  .  and that's only one of many holes poiré tries to avoid .  .  .  and fails .   let's have a look at the characters  :  montmirail doesn't change ,  he's just a little more boring .  regarding frenegonde .  .  .  that's another story  :  valérie lemercier decided not to compromise herself in this sequel to avoid getting stuck in the bourgeoise role .  and muriel robin tries to imitate her in a way that i found so pitiful i nearly felt pain for her .  and poiré doesn't realize that a cast of humorists isn't enough to make a good comedy .   forget about the time travels ,  about the digital effects ,  concentrate on the story and you'll see that there's enough room on a mail stamp to write it 10 times .   the main interest of this film is the landscapes .  a movie for youngsters ,  let's say up to 13 years old . 
as an inspiring director myself ,  this movie was exciting to watch with criticism in mind .  shot with low end digital camera probably with 35mm adapter for dof .  the editing is good acting decent ,  sound effects aren't too over the top .  i would have give it a 7 for an indie film ,  but the story aren't that interesting .  it's more on the drama side ,  character developments than a horror flick .   it's not for those who wants to get spooked startled frightened grossed out ,  or sit down with popcorn to just enjoy .   honestly this movie would be good if we were still in the 50's  this movie is about a family who has a dry field ,  and that is just that . 
les visiteurs ,  the first movie about the medieval time travelers was actually funny .  i like jean reno as an actor ,  but there was more .  there were unexpected twists ,  funny situations and of course plain absurdness ,  that would remind you a little bit of louis de funes .   now this sequel has the same characters ,  the same actors in great part and the same time traveling .  the plot changes a little ,  since the characters now are supposed to be experienced time travelers .  so they jump up and down in history ,  without paying any attention to the fact that it keeps getting absurder as you advance in the movie .  the duke ,  jean reno ,  tries to keep the whole thing together with his playing ,  but his character has been emptied ,  so there's not a lot he can do to save the film .   now the duke's slave/helper ,  he has really all the attention .  the movie is merely about him and his being clumsy / annoying / stupid or whatever he was supposed to be .  fact is ;  this character tries to produce the laughter from the audience ,  but he does not succeed .  it is as if someone was telling you a really very very bad joke ,  you already know ,  but he insists on telling that joke till the end ,  adding details ,  to make your suffering a little longer .   if you liked les visiteurs ,  do not spoil the taste in your mouth with the sequel .  if you didn't like les visiteurs ,  you would never consider seeing the sequel .  if you liked this sequel .  .  .  well ,  i suppose you still need to see a lot of movies . 
at a panel discussion that i attended after viewing this film ,  the filmmakers stated that one should look at this not as a movie but a provoker of thought .  well ,  the only thoughts that were provoked from me were of the time wasted watching the movie .  the gimmicks of the film  ( documentary style ,  futuristic setting )  served as distractions of what was supposed to be a thoughtful examination of the abortion debate .  this film illustrates the problem when people try to use film as a platform for their political views - usually a very boring movie that preaches to the choir . 
the makers of this film have created a future where not only is abortion and birth control illegal in every state , but women are prosecuted for murder and sent away to serve long prison sentences . in other words , this film is every liberals worst nightmare ! the political agenda is so heavy-handed here and the style of the film is so low-key that it just loses steam pretty quickly . regardless of which side of the fence you're on , i'd recommend skipping it . 
i am a big fan of the original book and this adaption is simply bad .  first of all ,  it had trouble deciding if it is a kiddie toon or an adult one ,  that caused a strange mix of an adult story and some pretty violent scenes with a silly little duck that keeps giving  " funny "  moments in the beginning .   but that's hardly important ,  the film is simply boring ,  unmoving and not true to the original story .  it simply fails to transfer to the picture all the points orwell tried to make to his book .   {spoiler}  second revolution ?  !  !  haven't they guys learned anything ?  ?  who be the next napoleon then ?  benjamin ?  !  ! 
first off ,  i have to say that i loved the book animal farm .  i read it with my 9th grade class ,  and it was great .  we also decided that watching the movie would be beneficial .  the movie was so disappointing to me .  the movie cuts out some characters ,  and misses a lot of the main points of the book .  it skips around a lot ,  and doesn't explain anything in detail .  if someone was watching this movie without having first read the book ,  they would be confused .  the most disappointing thing in this movie to me ,  was the ending .  the ending in the book was the most powerful ,  and in the movie ,  they changed it !  it was supposed to be the pigs and men in an alliance and sort of  " melting "  together ,  but instead ,  the movie made it seem like the animals were going to rebel against the pigs .  to sum up ,  i don't think that this movie captured the real meaning that orwell portrayed in his book . 
animal farm  ( 1954 )  was a very good read about the dangers of totalitarianism .  how good ideals can be changed and distorted by those who are ignorant or rule with an iron fist and an empty head .  sadly this movie does not portray either of these .  what we're shown is a propaganda piece with a lot of finger waving and pointing .  the animation and the direction were good considering the budget and the time period but the very essence of george orwell's novel is sorely missing .   if you're one of those who want to see how not to adapt a novel or are just interested in seeing an adaptation of this brilliant novelette then by all means watch .  i just found this one to be somewhat mediocre .  just one man's opinion however .   the remake is a notch below but not by much . 
this film is a portrait of the half-spastic teenage boy benjamin who has to visit a boarding school because of his lousy marks in math .  he didn't make the best experiences in life before and got serious self-esteem issues .  after a rough start at his new school ,  he starts making friends ,  falls in love with a girl and does some american pieish teenage stuff .   beside some comedy elements ,  the film is told in a very serious way ,  focussing on benjamin and his problems .   if you already don't like this story outline ,  save your time and watch something else .  if you do ,  please be aware of the following :   1 )  benjamin is a total loser .  whatever he does ,  he does it terribly wrong and then he goes for self-pity all the time .  for me he wasn't that kind of  " charming loser "  who you can feel sympathy for and laugh with .  instead he and his behavior really annoyed me and with my own teenage years not so far behind i could barely stand watching .   2 )  the film hardly tries to be realistic and the story seems to be but from my experience the characters just aren't  ( except for janosch maybe )  .  and yes ,  i know this film is based on an auto-biography written by a 17-year old - but having some experiences with german schools and german youth myself ,  i don't believe him .   3 )  showing the sexual awakening really is an important thing for a film with this subject .  but i doubt that teenage boys do an  " ejaculate on the cookie " -contest where everyone has to hit a cookie with his sperm during mass-masturbation in the woods and the loser has to eat the sperm-wet cookie afterwards .  although it kinda amused me in a contemptible way ,  it's nor funny neither underlining the serious attempts of this film .   4 )  there's a sub-plot about benjamin's family and his father betraying his wife - still ,  i don't know why it's there and where to put it .  it just bored me .   well ,  i personally hated this film for having the character of benjamin ,  being without a message ,  concept ,  scheme ,  whatever and it's failing attempts to be dramatic and serious .  however ,  i can image that some people may find it sensible and touching .  if you liked  " the other sister "  you'll probably like this one ,  too .  i hated both .   17-year old boys shouldn't write an autobiography and if they do ,  it doesn't seem to be the best idea to make a film out of it .   2 out of 10 . 
after stopping by the movie store to find something to watch ,  we stumbled on this .  it looked appealing from the summary ,  at least ,  so we gave it a try .  and here's the kicker :  the first 20 minutes are interesting !  it's actually enjoyable !  oh ,  wait ,  spoke too soon .   somewhere in there ,  the movie took a disgusting turn into fundamental ,  right-wing christian brain-washing .  not entirely sure what happens ,  but i think the screenplay writer found god somewhere in there ,  finished writing this script ,  and had no time to edit it because he had a kkk meeting to get to with his friends from the westboro church and his hood wasn't clean .   can they put warnings on this ?  i refuse to support this religious idiocy .  much like video games have rating systems ,  movies need some sort of symbol :  maybe a small cross in the bottom corner to show us that a movie is going to take a turn for the worse .   unless you share sentiments with whatever moron came up with this story ,  and will have your bible open in your lap while you watch this and plan on how you'll convert your neighbors ,  don't waste your time .  it's some of the worst junk that's come out in a very long time ,  and the radical religious nuts don't need anymore funding . 
a film with very little positive to say for it .   firstly it has zero pace and is positively lacking in any drama .   besides being remarkably slow the empty acre seems dedicated to using the same stock footage again and again .  i lost count of how many times i had seen  " that "  field at night or that bit of cracked earth .   it also has the fundamental flaw of thinking that if the audience don't know about things they will be gripped rather than just confused .  so with no signs that there are any issues we suddenly find the marriage is not what it seems to be despite being given the impression that it's fine .  we find jacob is possibly the worst farmer in the universe as he seems to spend no time on the farm and also seems to have bought land with a wholly useless acre .  beth has a key to a warehouse of books ?  there are innumerable other questions some of which are resolved later in the movie ,  much later ,  in fact too late .   and on the point of the acre .  horror filmmakers note that large inanimate objects are inherently not scary  and also if they're meant to be an acre big then make them so .   there is also a frightening lack of reasonability as beth  ( the best performer in the piece ,  followed by jefferson  the cop )  suddenly appears to be accused of everything under the sun just because she is on  " medication "  .   with the full ten minutes plus of running round the fields looking for the missing child  ( did he crawl out of the window ?  he's six months old )  the film descends into badly written scene after badly written scene .  bad plinky plonk  " horror "  music fails to add atmosphere .   often bad films can be amusing but not the empty acre ,  which is just bad . 
the deceptive cover ,  title and very small hidden print of power of prayer tricked me into renting this movie .   it started out really well and pulled me in .  i really liked it .  between 1/3 and 3/4's of it ,  the film started throwing in things that were not set up and made no sense .  my first thought was ,   " this is not written by someone who knows how to tell a story .  "  i ended up re-watching parts of the movie ,  thinking i had missed something .   by the time i reached the last 1/5 of the movie ,  it was all boring ,  annoying ,  religion thumping dialog that made no sense ,  said nothing ,  and was annoying to listen to ;  i turned off the sound and did a fast forward to the end .   don't waste your time with this flick .   beware of dvds labeled whitlow films and level path productions .   and i'm a practicing catholic . 
things i learned from  " the list "  .   a decent cinematographer ,  a hot girl who can act and malcom mcdowell couldn't stop this movie from sucking .   blockbuster won't give you your money back .   even when he reads the script and says  " ugh !  really ?  !  "  ,  malcom mcdowell still tries .   chuck carrington desperately needs acting classes .   hire a writer .   jesus hates me too and punished me by making me pay $ 5 . 50 to see this movie .   when making a movie ,  you don't need an ending .  just leave everything unexplained ,  unresolved an uninteresting enough so that the audience falls asleep before the ending .  genius .   any random landlord can cure death just by drawing a cross on a window .  so make friends .   your maid can sing you back to life .   chuck carrington still needs acting classes .   your roommate will hate you and make fun of you if you bring home this movie .   apologies will not be accepted . 
i believe in keeping religion out of government and out of the movies .  when i want a sermon ,  i'll go to church ,  but i don't want one from a movie .  i don't mind some supernatural themes ,   ( after all ,  religion is about as supernatural as you can get !  )  but this movie had so much preaching in it that i was really annoyed .  the landlady reminded me of witches that of seen in other movies .  the bad guy even looked like he had horns .    and what a silly ending :  the hero went into the meeting and yelled at all of those old men ,  and that broke the spell .  if only life were that simple .  i think that when movies are that stupid ,  they ought to be distributed with a warning :  danger !  preaching contained herein ! 
i have nothing against religious movies .  religious people need something to watch on a saturday night ,  i guess .  but what really ticks me off is when the write-up on the dvd box does not indicate this fact to the potential viewer .  passing off religious propaganda as entertainment is not cool ,  bro .   and even if i was a religious person ,  i would have to agree with most of the other posters here ,  this movie was a mess .  poorly directed ,  poorly acted ,  poorly edited ,  and the attempt at a soundtrack was hilarious .  the fake accents were terrible ,  the characters were mainly stereotypes ,  and continuity was out the window .  the only reason we sat through this lame waste of time was that it was too late to watch another movie instead .  should have just gone to bed .   absolutely no redeeming qualities to this movie ,  unless you are the religious type who will immediately endorse anything that will preach your beliefs to the unbelievers ,  even if it's a pile of garbage .  if you aren't ,  avoid this at all costs .  do not be deceived by the box write-up . 
 .  .  . then they will have a proper place to file this crap .  sorry ,  not a  " mystery "  as claimed ,  it is religious mumbo-jumbo .  i kept waiting for the  " unimaginable evil "  that was promised me ,  but the  " evil "  in this flick would only be unimaginable by a five year old with learning disabilities .   i can't believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this embarrassment .  unfortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them ,  and i will likely avoid anything they do in the future .  i'm also a little cheesed off that i now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as i'll be avoiding anything they do like the plague from now on too .   it's really unfortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10 ,  etc .  will get their reviews posted first .  this could lead to more people getting tricked ,  as i was ,  into believing this movie was something other than religious preaching .   well ,  it's off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising .  too bad they can't give me back the 105 minutes i wasted watching this thinking that it was actually a hollywood horror/supernatural film . 
didn't know anything about the film or that it was based on a best selling book . tried guessing from the opening scenes what it would be about , best guess , buried treasure and a death list . that lasted about 15 minutes when i got the sneaky suspicion that the film was crap . i'll not bore you with how bad the plot and acting were but anyone who gave it more than two stars must work for the film makers . i watched until the hero jumped into his corvette to rush to the hospital . he had his on his suit , shirt and tie arrived at the hospital in jeans and a t/shirt . couldn't even get the continuity right .  i got the christian theme , hard to miss it  . 
i just finished watching this movie .  it wasn't ridiculously bad ,  but i'm really disappointed with it .  i'm not really sure why someone would make a movie like this .  it was marginally entertaining ,  but i feel like the people making it had a lot of disagreements on what they were making .  monday ,  the writer was in charge ;  tuesday ,  the director ;  wednesday ,  the guy who gets the coffee ;  etc .  it almost seems like they really wanted to make a couple different movies ,  but only had the time and money to make one .   someone else commented that the acting was really good ,  but i'd have to disagree .  then again ,  if the actors were able to keep a straight face during the filming ,  perhaps they're better actors than i give them credit for .   the back of the dvd gives the impression that the movie would be a mystery .  .  .  something along the lines of a historical law and order or national treasure .  it starts off like that ,  but then ,  out of nowhere it takes a turn towards a bad episode of the twilight zone ,  or .  .  .  what was that other show that wasn't as good .  .  .  a bad episode of the outer limits .   my main complaint about the movie is that it is just so played out .  there's the evil guy with spiked white hair .  there's the love interest ,  who ,  when she first appears ,  the wind actually blows through her hair .  seriously .  once you realize it's a christian movie ,  the end is also pretty easy to spot .   the cinematography was poorly done ,  especially in the opening scenes - way to put your best foot forward .  it wasn't atrocious for most of the movie ,  but there was the occasional ridiculously bad shot of an old lady ,  praying ,  arms up in a dark room while lightening is striking - the sort of thing that just makes you a little bit embarrassed to be watching the movie . 
how sad there is no option to post a mark lower than 1 .  i watched this piece of nonsense and could barely believe what i was watching .  every single part of the film was awful .  music ,  acting ,  direction ,  story ,  everything ,  simply everything .  i actually found myself laughing out loud at various points in the film .  i particularly loved the bit where our hero is dashing through the hospital in soft focus slow motion ,  and knocks the clipboard out of the nurses hand ,  because ,   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . well .  just because .  product placement ?  crucifix's  ( crucifi ?  )  everywhere .  if you are of a christian persuasion and very easily satisfied ,  you may like this movie .  if you do like this movie ,  you really need to get out more . 
the imdb plot summary in no way describes the essence of this film .  it should have read 'be prepared to be catapulted back to the prison of the 3rd pew from the back of your family's church at 8 years old ,  listening to the preacher drone on about god's will while all you can think of is getting back home to your lego' .   it starts off well intentioned ,  building intrigue by planting some real and surreal clues such as renny's 'how did the cut on my thumb heal so fast ? ' moment .  it then slowly morphs into a christian jamboree ,  sacrificing its plot completely in a wash of evangelistic-induced babble .  i believe i counted the use of the word 'pray' about 53 times in a five minute span near the end .  after the 31st ,  i tried to twist the context of the word to its synonym ,  'prey' .  sadly ,  this little mind game of mine made the film at least bearable for the last 20 minutes .  plus it made me laugh whenever a character would say 'prayer'  ( 'preyer' to me )  as it became totally zany .  indeed ,  even my catholic wife sunk in her chair from boredom ,  almost to the point of ending up on the floor .   for all the salivating christians who ranked this film 8-10 stars ,  i suggest sticking with your theology-reinforcing safety standards like circle square ,  the ten commandments ,  anything from narnia ,  jesus christ superstar and the like .  stay away from more cerebrally challenging subject matter in films such as jesus camp ,  the god who wasn't there ,  what would jesus buy ,  or the soon-to-be released religulous .   maybe robert whitlow's book is better . 
it started out with an interesting premise .  i always like civil war stuff and ancient secret societies .  the more the film progressed ,  the more i realized that this was a b movie at best .  in the latter half ,  it quickly became a c movie ,  then d ,  then f ,  then  " i wish that this wasn't a rental so that i could put it in the microwave !  "  i can't say that the acting in all cases was awful ,  just most .  the writing ,  however .  .  .  i never read the book .  maybe the book is well written .  the screenplay was written by a 10 year old .  it was ridiculously shallow ,  the dialog drab and uninteresting ,  the characters about as interesting as a 5 pound bag of fertilizer .  i really hated this movie ,  as did my wife .  i am a christian and i have no problem with movies that promote or support christianity .  this movie did a great disservice to the cause .  awful ,  terrible ,  worthless .  if you liked it ,  i strongly recommend superman 4 . 
five minutes after watching this i logged on to imdb to warn all of you out there not to bother with this movie .  .  .  genre : horror ?  it had moments of mild suspense and throughout the whole movie i was thinking to myself  " somethings gotta happen soon "  it did not .  .  . when the movie ended i felt so embarrassed for the writer/director i've never been the biggest fan of patrick rea this guy just does not know how to make movies and after watching this sorry excuse of a horror flick i've gone from not been the biggest fan to will not watch another of his works .  .   i was taken in by the plot summary please don't make the same mistake .   i gave this movie a 2 for the actors .  . they were not bad and it wasn't there fault they got such bad direction .  .  . 
at the beginning we get to see the start of a secret council of some sorts .  it all looks very promising from the get go .  with some supernatural elements thrown in ,  the mystery gets more interesting by the minute .  the main character who seems like a good bloke gets into trouble because of his claim for money he is entitled to  ( temptation )  and other factors .  you really empathize with the guy and you want to know what exactly is going on .  normally a person in his situation would have several options .  somehow he does not have those options .  in this movie there only seems to be one solution even when it is clear it is not his fault .  out of the blue he encounters characters who talk about church , prayer and god .  and they provide the answer for his problem .  it should be obvious at a point in the movie what this solution is .  now let me say that there is nothing wrong with this message .  since it always is helpful .  but was it really necessary to disguise this message .  this religious element actually ruined the viewing experience for me .  while the message is good , it's simplicity can't escape the fact that in real life more needs to happen to resolve issues presented in this movie .  the mystery that is presented to us never gets solved .  in stead you are forced to deal with another topic that essentially has nothing to do with the plot .  don't get fooled because of malcolm mcdowell .  the once brilliant actor is adequate , but if you watch closely you will see that he is not serious at all .  he really must be desperate for money .  otherwise what would posses an actor of his caliber to act in a movie like this . 
unless you are an evangelical christian then make like an egyptian and avoid like the biblical plague .   awful - why oh why does imdb list the most favourable reviews at the top of the list - it was due to one of these that i have just wasted the end of what started out as good evening on this claptrap .   the plot premise started out strong enough - i was drawn into the film and was interested right up to the point where the bible sermons took over .  what a waste .   this film has so incensed me that i have registered with imdb for the first time just to complain about it - i hope at least that by doing so i save someone else's evening .   hay - what a christian act on my part  ; - ) 
germans think smirking is funny  ( just like americans think mumbling is sexy and that women with english accents are acting )  .  i had to cross my eyes whenever the screen was filled yet again with a giant close-up of a smirking face .  one of those 'housewife hacks corporate mainframe' tales where she defrauds a bank by tapping a few random keys on her home pc which is connected only to a power socket .  the director obviously loves the rather large leading lady .  can't say i share his feelings .  there's quite a funny bit when the entire family sit in front of the television chanting tonelessly along with the adverts .  apparently this review needs to be one line longer so here it is . 
not sure why this movie seems to have gotten such rave reviews .   while watching  " bang "  one night on tv ,  i found myself bored by the nonsensical ,  random plot which was occurring on screen .  the entire movie seems to be nothing more than an exercise in meaningless ,  artsy-fartsy self-indulgence on the part of the filmmaker .  the fact that the director/writer goes by a one name moniker only reinforces this sense of pretentiousness .    those interested in indie flicks would be better off looking for something better written and dare i say ,  more entertaining than this complete waste of time . 
this movie was made for people who found gremlins too serious and critters to hardcore .  like many of the critters/trolls/gremlins movies of the 80's this movie is bad .  the sad part is that there's no punchline to that comment .  it's just bad and not in a funny way .   the problem with this miniature monster movie is that it actually tries to be funny and ends up being as successful in doing that as howie mandell was in walk like a man .  what made the other 80's horror movies into classics was that they were genuinely trying to be scary ,  but were hilarious because they failed so miserably .  someone must have told bettina hirsch  ( yes the bettina hirsch ) she had a knack for comedy before she started directing this movie .  unfortunately they were wrong .   sure seeing a weird little mutated cross between a ferret and a tumor wearing a brown trenchcoat and throwing pool balls at an outcast from the lost boys is amusing ,  but not enough to save the movie .   by far the most annoying part of the movie is the paul character .  his paul reiser wannabe schtick is enough to make you start fast forwarding from the time of his first scene until the ending credits only stopping once to see a scene where a munchie throws pool balls at a guy .  .  . not that i did that .   so the bottom line is run ,  don't walk ,  to your nearest blockbuster and shake hands with the manager and thank him for not having the grapes to stock this pile of garbage on the shelves . 
when i saw this movie ,  i couldn't believe my eyes .  where these hilarious creatures ,  dustbin muppets with big pointy teeth ,  really meant to be scary ?  or where they designed to have a good laugh  ( i sincerely hope so )  .  if you watch carefully you can even see the strings operating them  ( better ;  dragging them across the screen )  .  the whole was rather funny than scary and i had a good time watching the movie because i was amazed by its overall incapacity to have only one good part .  it is one big joke from beginning to end and i believe this movie belongs into a new category :  so unbelievable crappy you'll be laughing from beginning to end .   ( i'm not even gonna try to comment on the acting or all the other things ) 
i suppose all the inside jokes is what made munchies a cult classic .  i thought it was awful ,  though given the ridiculous story and the nature of the characters ,  it probably could've been a much better  ( and funnier )  movie .  maybe all they needed was a real budget .   munchies ,  as many viewers have pointed out already ,  is something of a gremlins parody .  hence ,  all the references to the movie .  the movie begins somewhere in peru during an archeological dig .  an annoying dufus named paul ,  aspiring stand up comedian who offers no sarcasm or witty jokes during the movie despite his career plans ,  is holed up with his dad in the caves .  his dad is an unconventional kind of archeologist ,  searching the caves not for artificats or mummies or anything ,  but proof of u . f . o . 's .  and that's where the munchies come into the picture .  hidden in the crevice of a rock is an ugly little mutant that looks like a gyrating rubber doll with a gizmo voice .  they name him arnold ,  stash him in a bag ,  and bring him home so paul's dad can finally show proof of extra terrestrial life .   paul ,  the idiot that he is ,  breaks his promise to his dad to watch arnold  ( a wager he made with his dad ,  if he loses ,  it's off to community college to get a 'real' career )  .  the creepy next door neighbor with the bad rug ,  cecil  ( television veteran harvey korman )  ,  wonders what his neighbors are up to .  so ,  he and his lazy son ,  some airhead hippie type  ( who looks more like they should've made his character a biker or heavy metal enthusiast )  to go and snatch arnold .  why ?  a get rich quick scheme of course .  and of course ,  even cecil's son is too dumb to look after arnold .  and after a few pokes and prods at arnold ,  he multiplies into more munchies .   this wasn't even a movie that was so bad it was good .  it was just plain awful .  i was hoping that the munchies would've mutated and killed the morons that were always after them ,  even paul and his girlfriend .  at least it would be one way to get rid of all the bad acting in this movie that really hams up the movie .  not to mention poor special effects that look like hand puppets .  and really bad writing all around--it wasn't even funny--not even that young cop who can really give you the homicidal twitch in your eye .  like i said ,  munchies ,  if they had been given an actual budget and better actors ,  they might've been able to pull off a good parody .  pass . 
the title creatures wreak havoc at a peaceful little desert town .  that's basically the whole plot for this film ,  and while the scenes devoted to the munchies themselves are somewhat fun  ( in a lowbrow kind of way )  ,  all the rest is just filler ,  and bad filler at that .  from the  " hero "  ,  who is a painful woody allen wannabe ,  to the ultra-dumb town cop ,  it's hard to pick the most irritating character in the film .  there were some times when almost all of them were on the screen together and i was thinking ,   " ok ,  at least the girlfriend is cute ,  but why do we have to put up with the rest of those morons ?  "  .  the film is also filled with pop references  ( from ozzy osbourne to linda blair )  ,  which probably made it already dated by the early 90's .   ( *1/2 ) 
 .   .   .  and that's a bad thing ,  because at least if this had been a troma film ,  it would have had wanton violence and a greater sense of anarchic abandon that might have brought my rating up a bit .   so what we have instead is a very tame  ( rated pg )  ,  barely lukewarm ,  low budget  ( roger corman produced it with an unknown director who has subsequently remained unknown )  gremlins  ( 1984 ) /critters  ( 1986 ) -wannabe with almost exclusively flat humor ,  little of the logic that made gremlins work so well--fantasy logic or not ,  no suspense ,  no sense of adventure ,  and no violence or nudity to make up for it .   although i'm sure some of the problems with the film are inherent in the script--let's face it ,  no one could deliver these jokes so that they would be funny--it seems like the biggest blame has to fall into the lap of the director ,  bettina hirsch .  in more capable hands ,  munchies could have been entertaining .   after all ,  it starts out like many great adventure films .  simon waterman  ( harvey korman )  and his son paul  ( charles stratton )  are in peru on an archaeological dig .  simon is a bit of a wacky archaeologist who is always floating theories about the connections between ancient sites and alien civilizations .  for example ,  he thinks he sees evidence of laser-cutting on ancient stonework .  so they're at machu picchu looking for more evidence of simon's theories when they happen upon a secret chamber .  inside they quickly find the animal they later dub  " arnold "  ,  one of the titular munchies .   they take arnold back home to their small california desert town .  simon ,  who thinks that arnold is probably an alien creature ,  has to go off to a colleague's lecture ,  and he plans on telling the colleague that he finally has an alien specimen .  paul and his extremely cute girlfriend ,  cindy  ( nadine van der velde )  ,  are left in charge of arnold ,  but as they haven't seen each other in a long time ,  they leave arnold unsupervised while they hop in the sack .   meanwhile ,  simon's brother cecil  ( played also by korman in a dual role )  ,  owner of a successful snack foods company ,  is eager to buy off simon's home and land--they're adjacent to his own .  simon doesn't want to sell ,  so cecil hits upon a scheme to steal arnold .  things gradually spiral out of control ,  and the munchies ,  who have a mean streak to go along with their cravings for junk food ,  begin to overrun the town .   that reads better in a summary than it plays on the screen .  the best shots in the film are those with natural landscapes in the background ,  such as when characters are driving on the outskirts of the desert town .  interiors ,  with the exception of cecil's home ,  tend to look like poorly decorated ,  cheap sets ,  and more importantly ,  they tend to show that hirsch is not very skilled at blocking and setting up shots .  oddly ,  given the paucity of the production design overall ,  cecil's home is quite a gem ,  imbued as it is in overblown 1980s style down to the smallest details ,  and cecil's stepson ,  dude  ( jon stafford )  ,  was an amusing counterpoint .  too bad ,  then ,  that he's out of the film so quickly .   at any rate ,  korman is a fun actor ,  but he comes across much better here as simon than as cecil .  unfortunately ,  simon ends up being absent for most of the film .  cecil ,  who is differentiated physically by a ridiculous wig and facial hair ,  is not only the  " evil capitalist "  of the film ,  he's one of korman's classic inconsiderate ,  boorish characters--that was one of his specialties ,  frequently capitalized on in  " carol burnett show "   ( 1967 )  skits .  unlike  " the carol burnett show "  ,  which tended to succeed because directors clark jones and dave powers had a studied way of pushing the skits just to the brink of chaos ,  hirsch reins korman in way too far ,  and the cecil character just doesn't work the way it should .   there are a lot of other director-related problems ,  not the least of which is wonky pacing and editing ,  which completely sap any possible suspense or compelling dramatic impact from the film .  even scenes that should have been shoe-ins for amping up the drama--such as when the munchies are harassing an old lady on the road--are put together far too awkwardly to have much affect .   there are also serious logical problems with the story as it stands .  where did the munchie in the chamber at machu picchu come from ?  the film's trailer seems to show an answer to this ,  but it was edited out of the final cut .  a more serious problem is that ,  unlike gremlins ,  there is no clear reason for munchies to go from cute ,  cuddly furballs to menacing monsters .  it just happens .  further ,  because munchies was kept pg ,  and the violence remains toned down ,  when the creatures are in their monster phase ,  they're never very threatening .  they're also easily dispatched ,  at least temporarily .   admittedly ,  the gist of the film isn't suspense ,  horror ,  compelling drama or any of that other stuff ,  but humor .  it's intended more as a spoof of gremlins and the countless rip-offs in its wake .  the only problem with that is that the film just isn't funny ,  even though i chuckled a couple times .  a surprisingly high percentage of the jokes are bland clichés .  too much of the remaining material consists of non-sequiturs .  given bad timing from hirsch ,  it all just falls flat .  there was potential to make a film that while a spoof ,  was both funny and frightening ,  hilarious and disturbing ,  cheesy and suspenseful ,  all at the same time ,  ala killer klowns from outer space  ( 1988 )  .  too bad ,  then ,  that munchies comes nowhere near that . 
here is what happened :   1 )  head of bbc3 needs to make programmes aimed at different audience to bbc1 and bbc2 to keep licence and job .   2 )  lenny henry offers his unfunny friends up .   3 )  head of bbc3 snaps them up ,  completely ignoring the fact that they are not funny .   worst of all ,  it is arguably racist ,  as all the characters play up to bad stereotypes .  if a white person did this kind of thing ,  there'd be uproar !   trash . 
cute and playful ,  but lame and cheap .  'munchies' is another gremlins clone to come out from the 80s .  i'm not much of a fan of the imitations .   first it was the excellent 'gremlins' .   then came the very average 'critters' .   lets not forget the lousy 'ghoulies' .   but the complete pits would have to go to 'hobgoblins' .   is there more ?  ?    now 'munchies' for me would have to fall somewhere between 'ghoulies' and 'hobgoblins' .  actually i probably found it more entertaining than 'ghoulies' ,  but i preferred thst one's darker tone .    from the get-go it plays up its goofy nature  ( which it's better for it )  ,  but due to that nature the hammy acting  ( alix elias and charlie phillips )  ,  can get rather overbearing that you rather just see the munchies running amok .  that's where the fun occurs .  mostly light-hearted fluff though ,  as the story mainly centres on the munchies  ( who are either hungry ,  horny and destructive )  in a whole bunch of supposed comical encounters  ( some moments do work )  in the small desert town as a couple of people are on the chase .  it's silly ,  but strangely engaging thanks to the zippy pacing .  the creatures themselves look rather bland and poorly detailed ,  as they're basic dolls being chucked about .  where their personalities arrived from is that they can actually speak .  .  .  and with attitude .   charlie stratton and a feisty nadine van der velde  ( who was in 'critters' )  were fair leads .  harvey korman was acceptable in two roles .  robert picardo also pops up .   amusingly low-cut entertainment for the undemanding . 
i think i watched this movie ,  but don't quote me ,  as i may have fallen asleep during watching it as it didn't exactly  " grip my excitement and imagination .  "  at least i know i watched enough of it to know i won't be watching it again soon .  or ever .   jeez ,  talk about lame .  .  .  really lame .  totally lame .  it wouldn't even appeal to a six year old .  it basically had no worthwhile dramatic impact .  zilch .  nada .  just shlock turned into dreck .  comedy ?  that was supposed to be comedy ?  ya coulda fooled me-ee-ee .  .  .  !   now ,  if the aliens had been insatiably carnivorous like in the movie  " critters "  ,  we could have had the human characters do something a little more profound than be overly smugly cutesy .  .  .  like yelling and screaming and running for their lives so they wouldn't be eaten so the story could be something more exciting than watching paint dry .   don't bother watching this .  it's not worth the effort .  you can find something more interesting to do .  like watching paint dry .  or falling asleep . 
ridiculous-looking little boogers that spawn foam and reproduce themselves .  so far for the horror-elements this movie has .  all the rest of munchies plays out like a really retarded comedy that's so stupid you won't find it funny anymore after about 15 minutes .  i can imagine little kids cheering for these little boogers ,  but adults will be left with only those supposedly  " smart "  references translating to on-screen stuff like capt .  kirk's log entries from star trek ,  the most well-known scene from e . t .  ,  a blatant statement from the filmmakers going  " look !  we're cashing in on gremlins' success here !  "  and a cardboard cut-out of clint eastwood telling us .  .  .  what about his western movies exactly ?  that last one was totally lost on me .  .  .  oh yes ,  and chemical waste disposal in caves seems to be a bad thing .  don't know where they got that idea from .   not to say that munchies is the most insufferable film to sit through ,  for that matter .  it's just really ,  really dumb .  and if you manage to crack a smile while watching it ,  you'll probably feel as dumb yourself for having done that after the film's finished .   good badness ?  yes ,  but only if  " dumb "  ,   " retarded "  &  " ridiculous "  are criteria you're looking for .  3/10 and ,  well ,  uhm ,  6/10 . 
munchies starts in deepest darkest peru  ( looks more like a dirt road to me )  where archaeologist simon watterman  ( harvey korman )  & his son paul  ( charles stratton )  are on an expedition .  simon thinks that ancient aztec buildings were in fact spacecraft control centres & he is on a mission to gain proof that alien lifeforms have visited earth ,  while in once such structure he discovers a strange small creature which he sticks in his backpack & takes back home with him to the small american town of sweetwater in california .  simon feels that the creature is the proof he has been looking for & for some inexplicable reason decides to leave the thing at home while he goes to share his discovery .  simon ask's paul & his wife cindy  ( nadine van der velde )  to take care of it .  meanwhile simon's brother & fast-food businessman cecil watterman  ( harvey korman again )  steals the creature so his brother won't make any money out of it ,  but his idiotic stepson dude  ( jon stafford )  has a fight with it & chops it up with a knife but the individual parts grow back into separate little creatures that proceed to cause much havoc amongst the townspeople .  .  .   directed by bettina hirsch this has to be one of the worst horror comedy's ever ,  if not the worst .  the script by lance smith is so unfunny it's painful .  every joke in munchies misses the target by the proverbial mile ,  i doubt the humour in this piece of crap would even appeal to pre-teens .  there just isn't anything even remotely funny or even amusing in munchies as far as i'm concerned .  the basic story is crap too ,  they just happen to find this creature running around with no explanation of what it is ,  why no-ones ever seen it before ,  how it manages to learn english so quickly & how it learns to drive etc .  the whole thing is a big gremlins  ( 1984 )  rip-off with none of the elements that made that film so good .  the character's are moronic ,  the stupid deputy  ( charlie phillips )  & his dad  ( hardy rawls )  ,  cecil wearing an embarrassing wig & fake moustache & his air head wife melvis  ( alix elias )  & more besides .  they just plain embarrass & are ridiculous ,  i defy anyone to find any of this rancid rubbish funny .  basically munchies fails spectacularly at being either a comedy or horror & ends up being ,  yes you've guessed it ,  crap .   director hirsch was obviously working with a low budget here & it shows ,  the entire thing takes place in two houses ,  the desert ,  some caves & a miniature golf course .  this is really cheap & incompetent film-making .  the special effects on the munchies themselves are really awful ,  their just dolls that have no movement unless someone off camera pulls a string attached to it's arm .  i cannot stress how bad the effects are ,  these things wouldn't convince my 4 year old nephew  ( as proved by me & him yesterday !  )  .  total incompetence all the way ,  this film sucks .   technically the film is terrible ,  bad special effects ,  lame production design ,  rubbish sets & well ,  just everything's crap .  the acting is rotten through & through ,  from the cops to korman who has two roles both of which prove he can't act & isn't funny .   munchies is a really bad film that fails in everything that it tries to achieve ,  sure watch it if you want i won't stop you but just don't say you weren't warned !  my advice would be to watch gremlins again instead ,  but the decision is yours ! 
not a knock on korman as he was very funny on the carol burnett show .  he was also good at playing secondary characters in mel brooks' movies  (  " high anxiety "  comes to mind )  .  he is ,  however ,  not a person who can carry a movie in dueling roles no less .  this one is basically a  " gremlins "  knockoff ,  following a tradition of such movies as  " critters "  and  " ghoulies "  .  it is not a very good knockoff either ,  on par with  " ghoulies "  ,  but with a much lighter tone to it as it is no where near as dark as that movie got .  in fact ,  this one is too light and frothy ,  and unfortunately many of the jokes end up falling flat .  though i did give it a 3 for a score ,  this is only because there is a movie that is even a worse  " gremlin "  knockoff .  if you watched mystery science theater 3000 you know the one i am talking about .  .  . the infamous  " hobgoblins "  .  this one has a guy finding a little critter in some underground place  ( i only saw this movie once a long time ago so i don't remember everything to clearly )  and it starts out friendly enough .  however ,  this creature quickly becomes unfriendly and of course more are spawned and that is the movie .  more misses than hits in the joke department ,  and it is also really lame to see korman playing the evil brother role .  best to skip this one ,  but then you may want to check it out just for kicks . 
an excellent performance by alix elias highlights an otherwise mis-directed and confused pile of dreck .  i have seen this movie ,  perhaps 12 times ,  and with each run through ,  i find less and less pleasure .  why are munchies so lustful ?  is that ever explained ?  are they a reflection of our wanton ,  boorish 'animal selves ? ' if they are ,  why not make it more obvious ?  why not peal back just a touch of the subtlety that plagues this movie ,  and make that connection explicit ?  another part of this movie that bothers me to no end - motorcycles .  the jacket the little monster wears on the front cover seems to suggest 'street-wise' traveler .  the sun glasses say 'pretty cool dude . ' with all this i'm ready for easy rider meets the muppets .  all i get is munchies  ( 1987 )  .  what gives ?  stick to the gremlins series if you're a fan of diminutive ,  wise-cracking ,  reptile puppets - it'll give you the treatment you deserve . 
i didn't expect much when i saw this at the palm springs film fest this weekend .  it was an alternate choice when two other films were sold out .  still ,  i held out hope .  it sounded a bit much like  " bride and prejudice "   ( l . a .  guy falls for an indian beauty ,  parental conflict ,  blah blah blah )  .  b&p was not perfect but it was an enjoyable film with some good laughs and likable characters .    " my bollywood bride "  had none of that .  the acting seemed stilted and way to by-the-numbers .  characters were so cliché the story seemed like it could have been written by high school freshman drama student .  technically ,  the sound really bothered me .  it seemed as if there was a lot of over-dubbing of dialogue .  i mean a lot .  i know sometimes it's necessary but it sounded like half the film was shot in a closet and it became very distracting .   two stars is being somewhat generous . 
unbelievable !   this film gets a 7 out 0f 10 .  this has to be one of the worst films i have seen in years .  not only was the acting incredibly bad ,  the storyline  ( if you can call it that )  was just as bad .  offcourse everyone knows what's going to happen within the first 5 minutes .  which is not a bad thing if you can captivate the audience during leading up to that moment .  that however ,  is not the case .  there is no action ,  no suspense ,  not even a spark between the 2 leading actors .  it was unfortunately a waste of my time ,  and certainly a waste of my money .    and the 2 of merely for trying
i saw most of  " my bollywood bride "  today at the iaac film festival in new york and had to leave the theater due to feelings of nausea welling up within me .  i've seen bollywood movies ,  and i've seen satires of bollywood movies .  this movie couldn't decide which one it wanted to be ,  so it ended up being a joke on itself .   it seems to have been liberally copied from movies like bride and prejudice and bollywood calling ,  and what a sloppy ,  lazy job at that .  how can bollywood ever be weaned off of its determination to stick to overused ,  well-trodden scripts ?  is there no one who can bring to the screen the millions of real ,  fascinating stories that surely exist and transpire in the land of a billion people ?  the over-smart auto driver ,  the cow on the street ,  gratuitous scenes of foreign locations ,  pointless scenes of mumbai streets ,  they're all in there .  every possible cliché about india has been faithfully included .  so sickeningly predictable .  ugh !  !  !  acting performances are weak across the board except for neha dubey ,  who is talented and beautiful .  one wonders why she would pick a project like this . 
it wasn't notable enough to be truly horrible ,  it was just incredibly lame .  the story was not half bad ,  but the execution was just horrendous .   to start with ,  it moved too fast for us to emotionally get involved with what was going on .  it was just paced badly .  the dialog was so utterly un-sparkling ,  just flat and boring .   and the characters ,  cripes almightly ,  they made deadpool boring .  how the hell do you make deadpool boring ?  he wasn't even funny .  he wasn't crazy .  he was just an annoying guy with a couple of swords he did not even know how to use properly .   gambit was boring .  and since when did he have telekenisis to make the cards just float and fly around ,  or super strength to leap hundreds of feet into the air ?  and what the heck was up with all the stupid helicopter moves ?  i mean ,  we know they are mutants ,  but they still exist within the realm of physics .  a round bo staff is not a helicopter blade ,  you cannot fly by twirling super-duper fast .  which gambit wouldn't be able to do anyway .  nor deadpool ,  especially when using it as a replacement for real fight choreography .   and this film stands as proof that wire work should only be used by fight coordinators who know wth they are doing ,  and know better than to use it in every .  single .  shot .  as a replacement for real fight choreography .   three of the most physical fighters in marvel comics  ( logan ,  creed ,  and wilson )  ,  and some of the worst fight choreography i have ever seen in recent film memory .  it was as if the stunt coordinator just shrugged his shoulders and left it all up to the special effects guys .   and then you had the break out ,  with all these mutants who did nothing .  even mutants who had been shown in their cells to have powers  ( nice to see a quicksilver nod )  ,  did f-all when they got out .  only emma-really-lame-for-this-film-frost and cyclops did something .   and since when was logan so pretty ?  and the stupid ,   " the bullet will take his memory away .  "  don't you think xavier and the x-men would have noticed the big freaking bullet holes in his adamantium skull when they x-rayed him in x1 ?  i felt sorry for liev schrieber man ,  he actually brought in a good sabretooth considering the script .  he made one of marvel's more simple super villains feel real .  but he could not save the film from it's own epic lameness .   seriously ,  this was  " daredevil "  level of suck .  decent story ,  good actors ,  absolutely horrible execution . 
picture the scene where a bunch of scriptwriters sit around a table and one says  " lets have a black woman approach an unsuspecting member of the public  ( also black )  in the street and ask him if he is black ,  then walk away "  .  the other writers fall about laughing hysterically until one suggests they repeat it in every episode .  more laughter .  now if you think the premise is funny ,  and the show contains many such types of situation ,  you will enjoy this show .  for the rest ,  use your zapper and find something more entertaining like watching paint dry .  those that have written glowing reports of this show should either get out more or be forced to watch television comedies that are really funny .  another example of the humor in the show ,  a girl tries to get out of paying at a supermarket checkout by trying to hypnotise the cashier .  marginally funny the first time but why repeat it over and over in different shows with different cashiers ?  i could give other examples but these just might be treated as spoilers ,  divulging why this comedy just is not funny at all . 
most would agree that the character of wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in comic book history .  i'm no marvel expert ,  but i did grow up with the adventures of the x-men and definitely approved of hugh jackman's now widely known portrayal of the scruffy logan .  i enjoyed the first x-men ,  found the sequel too heavy and messy and liked the third one as comic book entertainment .  all through the three movies ,  i probably enjoyed jackman more than anything else .  i figured the idea of making an  " origins " -movie about wolverine could very well end up being a better movie than all of the three x-men movies .  if we concentrate on one character ,  i figured there could be a movie that achieves what i found the second movie failed at - being a fairly complex and character driven comic book adventure .   the reason that the wolverine-movie fails is not because the competition is tougher after the dark knight .  it's not even because of a plot development that is beyond obvious and rudimentary - even though that certainly isn't good - no ,  it's because the movie doesn't even seem to try .  to begin with ,  this does not qualify as good entertainment .  there is something about the action in this movie that comes off as so very ,  very automatic .  with no greater special effects or elements of suspense ,  and when one event will make you predict the following five ,  it almost feels like an uwe boll movie ,  imitating an action/adventure movie concept that you've seen a dozen times before .  of course ,  nothing in this movie is as downright awful as a piece of bolls**t but when everybody's talking clichés as if they are part of a chain of events that is so standard ,  you at least make the connection and that surely is bad enough .   but there is an even bigger problem .  even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and ,  by the way ,  that makes you forgive a lot of plot holes and character stupidities .  i think you find the most fundamental flaw in the very title .  i mean ,   " origins "  .  really ?  what to the people behind this movie think about that title ?  what do they mean ?  ?  you want to know the origins of wolverine ?  he grew up with his brother .  they ran away from home during dramatic circumstances .  then they went off to war .  all of them !  the civil war ,  world war i and ii and vietnam too .  why did they do this ?  still unknown .  eventually ,  the brother  ( sabertooth ,  played by liev shrieber )  became evil .   " how ?  "  you ask .  i don't know ,  it was somewhere between omaha beach and hanoi .   " yeah ,  but why ?  "  you still ask .  i just said i don't know !  !  the movie doesn't explain .  he's evil alright !   " yeah ,  but .  .  .  you know ,  'origins' "  .  .  .  yeah ,  well that's an origin !  i mean ,  duh !  anyway ,  eventually they end up with a super secret team of mutant elite soldiers .  something with the government ,  ho-hum .  wolvie gets enough and leave his brother .  for six years he's a happy lumberjack with a loved one ,  who ends up a little defenseless around the time sabretooth suddenly appears again .   " yeaaah .  .  .  but .  .  .  whyyyy ?  "  - oh shut up !  - and wolvie decides to be a guinneapig for a bunch of evil scientist who make him a flesh-covered metal war animal .  he goes after all the bad guys and they come after him and after all the fighting he ends up with his memory wiped ,  cue x-men the first movie .   there .  that's the origin .  you can also find it on the back of the dvd cover .  the actual movie won't tell you anything else .  with no worthwhile scenes of action ,  no good heroes ,  villains or characters in general  ( lines from my couch audience :  fat suit !  token black guy !  oh ,  i give you 200 in cash if that girl survives this movie .  .  ,  that is supposed to be gambit .  .  .  ?  mmhm ,  yeah well .  .  .  uh-huh ,  right )  ,  not one line of memorable dialog and zero lines to cover a t-shirt with ,  added to that the common stupid things that ruin the plausibility in general that you might usually forgive .  .  .  .  .  .  well ,  that sounds pretty much like a waste of time ,  right ?  fans will check this out ,  or have already .  there's no stopping that .  but if you liked the x-men movies for no other reason than that they were well-made and entertaining - see them again and do yourself no favors by trying to look for origins where there are none . 
soulless milking of cash cow franchise .  generic superhero flick .  cgi showcase .  gavin hood's  " a series of improbable events .  "  combinatoric iteration of mutant fight scenes strung together by inane exposition justifying formation/dissolution of arbitrary alliances .  i'm not expecting shakespeare here but the cliché per minute meter was off the charts :  primal scream while looking skyward and kneeling over murdered girlfriend .  renegade military commander .  predictable double crosses .  revenge sought for slain lover .  erased memories .  evil character discovering morality at last minute .  misguided failures to execute nemeses after defeating them in melee .  lover not really dead .  lover actually acting as spy for hero's arch-nemesis .  girlfriend/spy actually falls for protagonist .  good people work for antagonist in order to save kidnapped family members .  evil mastermind fails to honor promises to reluctant employees .  kindly old couple care for weary hero and get murdered for their troubles .  certain deaths averted as third parties arrive on scene before coup de grace .  hero reluctantly joining secret government agency .  abandonment of elite squad in protest over slaughter of innocents .  scientists unable to control indestructible killing machine of their own creation .  outdated but lovable government 'secret weapon' kills off better designed but heartless successor .  hero strolls away from wreck and casually lights a trail of gasoline behind him .  after everyone has given up ,  flatlined heart monitor picks up a pulse .  evil mastermind explains plans to hero he no longer sees as a threat .  hero refuses to kill defeated foe because he's  " better than that "  .  transparent comic relief character makes hilarious understatements and offbeat comments .  cheerful psychopath revels in random murderous rampages .  nigh indestructible goliaths hurl one another through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mere mortal .  man dispatches dozens of gun wielding enemies with nothing but skillful swordplay .  common sense and the laws of physics ,  biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned .  antagonist using loved one's murder as justification for misguided crusade .   i could go on but this is just exhausting .  if you're over the age of twelve and not living in mom's basement ,  there's probably nothing here for you .  depressingly enough ,  it's not too far off of par for superhero movies so discount all i've written if you can't get enough of the genre . 
this film was slated to be a blockbuster film ,  and it really is .  this is the type of movie that is made to eat popcorn to and watch the flashy graphics .  with that in mind ,  the movie delivers ,  perhaps not as well as the ultra flashy iron man ,  but well enough .  outside of the popcorn munching action and special effects ,  the film drops off of the cliff faster than wile e .  coyote .   many viewers ,  myself included ,  will complain about how most of the characters were severely altered ,  but that only makes the film a poor adaptation ,  not a poor film .  this film is unsatisfactory for other reasons .  the makers focused more on making it appealing to the eye than they did to the mind .  the characters that have been long awaited and promoted are reduced to 4-scene cameos .  the main characters of wolverine ,  victor creed  ( never called sabertooth in the film )  and colonel stryker are well developed .  i was pleasantly surprised by liev schriber's performance .  the rest of the characters are tossed to the wayside to make way for the all important eye-candy .  wolverine's character is fully developed after 30-minutes ,  as is sabertooth ,  though victor does pull off some surprises late in the film .   the  " final boss "  of the film is a twisted and perverse adaptation of the original character and barely gets any development to show just why he is the way he is .  the filmmakers obviously felt that all they really needed to do was create a bad ass character who could do anything they wanted and slapped on the name of a popular character .   very disappointing .  .  . 
all of the x-men movies were great .  and i mean all of them ,  including the long hated x-men 3 .  they had solid characters  ( magneto and xavier were the best ones ,  in my opinion )  ,  and a good story arch .   i was all excited when i heard this movie was on production ,  and my expectations grew bigger and bigger until i saw the movie .  i was so disappointed .   hugh jackman is not a bad actor  ( his best movie is the fountain ,  although you won't hear about this movie when they talk about the actor )  ,  and his acting is not what screws the movie up .   the whole film is plagued with lots of meaningless characters that add nothing to the plot  ( like blob or gambit )  ,  which were tossed there to make fans believe that the film makers had read the original comics .   i am a fan of xmen ,  i have read many ,  many of their stories and this movie respected none of them .  none .  not even the continuity .  it doesn't respect weapon x project ,  or the relationship between wolverine and sabretooth ,  or emma frost ,  the motivations for wolverine are plain stupid and seen in millions of movies :  revenge for the death of a loved one .   oh .  what i was expecting the whole darn movie was a berseker moment for wolverine similar to the one he has in x2 in the school when stryker men come in and he alone decimates the enemy forces ,  but hey ,  this is fox ,  this a family flick and you will not see explicit violence from the most violent and gruesome marvel hero .   besides ,  i had a feeling of constant dejá vù with this movie because wolverine's origins are already explained in x2 ,  we already know how he got his adamantium skeleton so it kind of does not make sense to make a movie of something we already know .   i personally believe that wolverine is one of those few characters that does not need a solid back-story because mystery is the nature of the character .  do we really want to know how the joker got his scars ? 
where to begin ?  how about with the erroneous synopsis :     " x-men origins :  wolverine tells the story of wolverine's epically violent and romantic past ,  his complex relationship with victor creed ,  and the ominous weapon x program .  "   his epically violent past turns out to exceptionally non-violent .   his relationship with creed is so glossed over it's difficult to understand how they have any connection at all .  we are thrown from one point in the opening scene that shows them as children on the run ,  to a montage of war scenes that they have fought in throughout their long lifespan ,  and finally to the present where they are a part of a hardcore government team of assassins .   there is nothing by way of showing their relationship as brothers at all .  nothing complex is laid down for us to believe is authentic or even loving .    the romantic element of the movie between silverfox and wolverine was forced and abrupt .  we are thrown into a romance so fast that it's over before you can blink an eye .  having just introduced the character ,  silverfox is killed off roughly fifteen minutes later .  we are left wondering why we should care about this .  who was she anyway ?   for a pivotal element of this weak revenge driven story ,  the romance is surprisingly unexplored .  it was rushed in simply because it was required .   oddly enough ,  when wolverine finds that his love is dead he leaves her in the woods to rot as he goes off to find sabertooth .  being the romantic that he is this was out of character for him yet necessary to serve the plot in pulling off a very predictable surprise .   as for the weapon x program ,  lets just say that after the painfully crippling procedure wolverine is up and running .  eventually he arrives at the home of a conveniently old yet overwhelmingly loving couple .  surprisingly ma and pa kent aren't alarmed when finding a naked sweaty man in their barn .  is it any wonder what fate awaits them ?   in the previous films and the comic books ,  the main reason that wolverines' amnesia plagued him partly hinged on the fact that he was said to have been viciously evil and coldblooded .   knowing this was the case .  .  . did he really want to remember such horrors or keep them hidden and continue his current more positive lifestyle of fighting against the villains of the world alongside his team mates ?   as hinted to in x2 :  x-men united when stryker gives up some of his secrets it is said that wolverine would be disturbed if he had known of the evil works they committed together .  this film sets up the team fairly well only they don't really do much of anything .  no disturbing violence ,  no ruthless actions ,  they merely harass a few natives in foreign lands for the ten or fifteen minutes they are on screen .    it seems that wolverine wasn't an evil man under stryker at all .  instead he was constantly trying to put a leash on his brother sabertooth which consequently was the violent agent we all thought wolverine was .  eventually he just leaves all together .   no conflict of duality here at all .   idiotically removing that character conflict of good and evil dulled the story immensely .  they may as well have given him rubber claws .   there were a ton of other errors in this film that contradicted the x-men trilogy ,  including the introduction of one of the lamest deus ex machinas to ever hit a script .   magic memory-erasing bullets .    really ?   apparently they are the only thing to bring down wolverine .  yet this was apparently forgotten when agent after agent was sent to bring him down with bullets and bombs that would surely not work on him at all .   another problem with this film is that it tried to focus on wolverine while throwing in a ton of other mutants which did little to nothing at all .  interesting characters were mere window dressing and did nothing for the story .  most were in the film for 5-10 minutes max and yet you find yourself wishing we saw more of them and less of wolverine .   fred dukes  ( the blob but not the comic version )  can punch a launched tank missile with little to no physical damage to him at all ,  but a simple headbutt from wolverines metal noggin is enough to daze him ?   cyclops optic beams  ( which instead of being concussive force are now more akin to lasers )  can burn through buildings but when fired at sabertooth directly it simply smashes him into the ground without even damaging his clothes .  adamantium trench coats anyone ?   the  ( gravity defying )  mutant gambit ,  instead of utilizing his signature cards ,  is made into some sort of crazy acrobat .  in one poorly edited scene he is knocked unconscious by wolverine .  .  . then amazingly enough a few minutes later he is on a rooftop running towards wolverine .  how he regained consciousness ,  ran away a few blocks ,  climbed up a building ,  then ran back to wolverine and sabertooth in the middle of a scratching match is a mystery yet to be explained .   some have excused this films weakness by claiming it was made from a comic and therefore should be weak on character and heavy on flash .  the idea that this movie being a comic film is flimsy and superficial because of that fact is incorrect .   the comic book source material ,  the real origin of wolverine .  .  . is a story worth bringing to the screen .  it doesn't sugar coat his past nor treat the reader like mindless cgi junkies .  it is a well crafted story and although retold and readjusted over time ,  began with weapon x by barry windsor-smith .  a much more intense and exciting story .   this fox film should seriously be forgotten .    anyone have that magic gun ?   4/10
 " cement "  is a bad movie about a bad cop  ( penn )  with a bad attitude and a bad disposition who has a bad guy in a bad way up to his cajones in fast drying concrete .  while we're waiting for the cement to dry and the film to figure out what it's about ,  we're periodically jerked back in time without rhyme or reason so we can watch events leading up to the cement thing .  a boring junk flick overall ,   " cement "  suffers from lack of a story ,  a clumsy execution ,  and that most ubiquitous of filmdom's faults ;  no reason to care .  a time killer for the needy couch potato at best .   ( d+ ) 
i found the writing in this movie absolutely terrible .   the only thing that saved this movie from me rating it as a 1 out of 10 was lacy chabert's performance who i thought played the multiple personalities really well .  for me she was definitely the highlight of this movie .   dina meyer was pretty as always but i found her role pretty bland so i don't think one can say that her acting was great .   as for the male lead ,  armand assante ,  his interpretation of the role reminded me mainly of doctors in cheese 1980s hospital series .   all of that i could have lived with .  however the terrible ,  terrible ,  terrible end/solution ,  the role of the psychic and even the role of psychic were just some of the worst writing i have seen in a long time . 
i found myself very caught up in this movie ,  at least at the beginning ,  and any credit i give to this movie ,  is lacey chabert ,  she was fantastic !  !  but thats where it ends .  i seem to be very good at figuring out who the killer is ,  and i like it when a movie is able to completely baffel me ,  but i felt out and out lied to ,  they whole time they lead you in one direction and then suddenly they decided to go in a completely different direction at the end ,  they gave no hit to it at all ,  thats not misleading that very bad writing and planning ,  someone did not think at all !   i felt the movie would have been much better if they had stuck to the plot that the lead you on ,  they also seemed to not answer anything ,  why did jane ( maria )  burn down the professor's house .   its a great pity as i felt it started out as a relatively good movie . 
this horrible !  the acting ,  costumes ,  production values ,  editing ,  the script ,  everything about this film is as bad as it can get .  it looks as if it was filmed with a video camera .  can you give a movie a negative rating ?  watch the ring instead . 
the plot of corpse grinders 2 is very much similar to the original corpse grinders ,  what is left that is different from the other film consists of weird aliens .   it is my belief that this film would be the #1 worst film on imdb - if anyone had actually watched it .  the plot is disconnected and ,  in several  ( way too many )  instances ,  makes absolutely no sense whatsoever .  the real wonder here is why in the world was this sequel created to such an unsuccessful and horrendous  ( but still somewhat better )  film .   i would highly recommend this film if you enjoy watching terrible movies for a good laugh . 
thanks to the bbc for this show .  i used to suffer from an inferiority complex ,  i hated leaving the house ,  talking to new people and i had an overwhelming sense that people hated me .  however after watching one episode of 4 non blondes my fortunes started to change .  after episode 2 i started applying for new jobs ,  wearing fashionable clothes and i actually felt talented .  when the series had finished i was running the sales department at work ,  banging a plethora of women and frequently won the karaoke competition down my local .  if you ever have a confidence crisis and don't know where to turn then take a trip down to poundland and pick up the dvd it's only 99p . 
in a far away galaxy is a planet called ceta .  it's native people worship cats .  but the dog people wage war upon these feline loving people and they have no choice but to go to earth and grind people up for food .  this is one of the stupidest f#@k ! ng ideas for a movie i've seen .  leave it to ted mikels to make a movie more incompetent than the already low standard he set in previous films .  it's like he enjoying playing in a celluloid game of limbo .  how low can he go ?  the only losers in the scenario are us the viewer .  mr .  mikels and his silly little handlebar mustache actually has people who still buy this crap .   my grade :  f   dvd extras :  commentary by ted mikels ;  the story behind the making of  ( 9 and a half minutes )  ;  17 minutes ,  15 seconds of behind the scenes footage ;  ted mikels filmography ;  and trailers for  " the worm eaters "   " girl in gold boots "  ,   " the doll squad "  ,   " ten violent women "   ( featuring nudity )  ,   " blood orgy of the she devils "  ,  &  " the corpse grinders " 
i am a huge fan of ted v mikels and the original  " corpse grinders "  is the main reason why but this is quite possibly the worst film i have ever seen .  even the brilliant casting of the legendary liz renay  (  " desperate living "  )  could not save this worthless piece of garbage .  this film should serve as a lesson to all past ,  present and future film makers .  .  . when you have a film as successful as the original  " corpse grinders "  was you should probably leave sleeping dogs lie and you should definitely not try to revitalize it over twenty years later  ( unless you have the financial backing to pull of a superior sequel such as herschel gordon lewis did with  " blood feast 2 :  all u can eat "  )  even if you do decide to do this you should probably spend a little bit more money than you did on the original and for god's sake .  .  . never film a movie onto video .  .  . why do film makers even attempt to do this when everyone knows the quality is going to turn out hideous .  .  . i personally have yet to see one film made in this fashion that's even worth the powder to blow it to hell .  .  . if you can't afford to make a sequel that is better than your original film then sell the rights of the film to someone who can .  .  . and what was ted v mikels thinking about  ( or smoking )  when he wrote this god-awful script ?  i mean come on ,  dog and cat  " aliens "  from another planet ?  a cardboard box painted to look like a devastating machine capable of grinding up human bodies .  .  . bones and clothes and all ?  if any of these actors ,  aside from liz renay ,  were paid more than five dollars for their hideous performances than they are grossly overpaid !  avoid this film at all costs and watch the original instead . 
ted v .  mikels's film corpse grinders 2 is 103 minutes of excruciating cinematic swill .  the plot is pretty much a mixture of nonsensical business dealings among people who grind corpses into cat food while cat aliens ,  who are losing a war with dog aliens ,  looking to get some of this cat food .  watching this movie ,  i began to look for any kind of distraction ,  anything to reassure myself that i was doing something else besides losing my mind from the inside out .   several scenes go on for far too long ,  as characters take forever to do simple things .  i've heard that mr .  mikels doesn't like to use jump cuts too often ,  fearful that they will confuse his audience .  i'm not sure if this attitude is  " avant-garde "  or just  " stupid .  "  try as i might ,  i could not bring myself to care about any of the characters in the unnecessarily huge cast ,  well with the possible exception of the old men who are the caretakers of the factory .  the majority of the cast are a bunch of no-talent amateurs who don't even bother to learn the lyrics to  " amazing grace "  before they have to sing it on camera .  although perhaps the blame should go to the poor sound quality ,  since i only actually heard around 80% of the dialogue while watching the dvd .   this is quite possibly the worst film to ever be shot .  i've listened to snippets of the commentary , and mr .  mikels comes off as a surprisingly sweet old man ,  what the hell was he doing making this kind of trash ?  i'd like to hear the explanations from the old men who had to lie shirtless on a metal conveyor belt waiting to be ground up .  movies i've long hated suddenly seem a lot better .  i long for the intermittedly appropriate music of excalibur ,  and the consistent lighting of dawn of the dead .  i need to go do something ,  anything .  don't see this movie . 
want a great recipe for failure ?  take a s****y plot ,  add in some weak ,  completely undeveloped characters and than throw in the worst special effects a horror movie has known .  let stew for a week  ( the amount of time probably spent making this trash )  .  the result is corpse grinders ,  a movie that takes bad movies to dangerous and exotically low places .   the movie utterly blew .  my words cannot convey how painful it was to watch .  this is not one of those bad movies that you and your friends can sit around and make fun of .  this is not plan 9 from outer space .  this is a long ,  boring ,  sad waste of time .  corpse grinders ii is the biggest waste of energy and talent i have ever seen .  i depresses me when i realize that people actually took time out of their lives to act in this shit ,  if you can call it acting .  but than again ,  when you have poor direction ,  poor storywriting ,  poor everything ,  acting is the last thing to criticize .   this movie is like a huge ,  disgusting turd that you yearn to quickly flush out of existence ,  fearful that a friend or loved one might somehow see it .  i really with i could somehow destroy every copy of this film ,  so it will not pollute the minds of aspiring filmmakers .  thank you ,  ted v .  mikels ,  for giving me new found respect for every movie i have ever seen .  you have shown me what is truly awful ,  and why i should appreciate all those movies that are merely crappy or boring . 
the original exploitation classic-though far from enjoyable on almost any level concerning some guys who turn cats into human flesh eating monsters because the cat food they make is made with people is remade with scifi elements added .  the cats can't get enough and when the flesh tainted food runs out the cats turn on their owners .  poorly put together on almost every level this is an example of the absolute bottom of the barrel material that used to actually play movie theaters in the early 1970's updated with alien cat and dog races battling for supremacy .  director ted mikel is a hack ,  but is so lovable a person  ( i generally like the guy thanks to his smile inducing interviews and commentary tracks )  that you can pretty much excuse the garbage he mostly turned out .  mikels wanted to make films and he didn't care how they turned out so long as he was producing something .  more power to him ,  but i wish he wouldn't subject us to his home movies
this movie is awesome .  i watched it the other day with my cousin jay-jay .  he said it was alright ,  but i think it rulezzz !  i mean ,  it's so cool .  ted v .  mikels is so brave and smart .  he made a movie totally unlike those terrible hollywood films ,  like the matrix and stop or my mom will shoot .  it could have been better ,  though .  i like ninjas and pirates .  i also like that big talon that the funny man wears .  i think he's the coolest guy since that domino pizza claymation guy .  not only does this movie look really cool ,  like those out-of-focus movies my dad made of my birthday when i turned 6 .  but it tells a complex tale with dozens of characters that seem to be totally unrelated ,  but they all meet up in the end .  it's genius how this web is woven to make everything meet up .  i wish ted v .  mikels would make a sequel .  but it needs more aliens .  and a pirate . 
actually ,  the movie is neither horror nor sci-fi .  with a very strong christian religious theme ,  this movie delivers minimal content and no suspense .  second-tier actors do half-decent jobs of reading their boring roles .  the only good performance is by sydney penny who plays a role of a mother of  .  .  .  i won't spoil the movie ,  it's either christ or anti-christ .  avoid watching this movie unless you a christian religious fanatic obsessed with apocalypse .   being a non-christian ,  i had to force myself to watch this movie just because i wanted to write this review .  it's a pity that sci-fi channel had to air this movie at the peak evening time . 
i guess if you are into the sci-fi and horror stuff it might be interesting .  the acting was okay but not great .  the two pregnant girls are supposed to be fifteen but are played by obviously older actresses who turned out to be twenty and twenty-one at the time .  the plot is okay ,  but the story does jump around a bit ,  leaving one guessing whether you're in boston or pennsylvania .  the priest seems to use warp speed between the two .  the catholic church is portrayed as having a secretive sect for investigating events which only happen to those of that faith .  what if the two girls had been protestant ?  would the catholics of cared ?  therefore some what contrived .  who knows ,  some day the catholic church might even learn what the bible teaches .  if you miss this one ,  don't feel you've lost anything . 
this piece of crap might have been acclaimed 60 years ago ,  but it is one of the most racist movies ever made with the native american indians played by white men .  the right-wing republican james stewart was a huge racist in real life ,  just like his close friend john wayne .  in 1971 stewart had actor hal williams fired from  " the jimmy stewart show "   ( a short-lived series that mercifully flopped )  just because williams was black .  as if that were not bad enough ,  this film is very dated and boring .  watch  " dances with wolves "  instead for a less racist view .   stewart was in his forties when this awful movie was made ,  and even with his ridiculous wig he still looked like a paedophile chasing after 16-year-old debra paget .  i'm surprised it was even allowed .   0/10 . 
the explosion of tv channels must be eternally grateful to the randolph scott western production line ,  because any any moment there must be one of what seems like a hundred randolph scott movies playing on at least one no-budget station .    " man behind the gun "  is a typical early 1950's period melodrama with pre-wwii production values that relies on a historically-topical murder mystery plot peppered with action scenes to disguise the script's complete absence of character development ,  and thus lack of suspense .  in years to come the role of these films would be taken over by tv shows like 'gunsmoke' ,  'bonanza' ,  etc - and these actually did the job better .  randolph scott ,  looking particularly grizzled in this ,  is the good guy ,  struggling against the bad guys against whom he will eventually prevail .  there's no more interest in what he goes through emotionally than in what his horse is feeling ,  unless you count wondering whether he'll sort out the initial misunderstanding with the female lead by the end .  the music is a stronger indication of the emotional state of the 'characters' than the acting is .  but it's fine if that floats your boat ;  and i wouldn't berate you for enjoying 'diagnosis ,  murder' ,  either .   workmanlike ,  pedestrian ,  and ageing rapidly .  3 stars for being competently put together ;  0 for artistic endeavour . 
oh dear ! what a disappointment .  i've been watching old westerns on british tv for decades ,  and i wasn't aware of this one until its showing yesterday - most other scott westerns come around every few years or so and are usually worth watching again .   the rich colour and outdoor sets were good ,  but that's all i can say about this film .  i have to agree with most of the other negative comments already made .  several times i felt like turning it off ,  and finally i did ,  halfway through ,  something i hardly ever do .   scott seemed unusually oily in charming the girls ,  his two sidekicks were annoying and so was the mexican bandit lad .  and i've a feeling the army uniforms were 20 years or so too modern ,  not that this has bothered makers of many other westerns .   perhaps it got better in the second half ,  but i couldn't be bothered to wait and see . 
i wasn't sure how to rate this movie ,  since it was so bad it was actually very funny .  i'm not a gackt fan by any means ,  though he is talented ,  despite the weird pseudonym that sounds like a cat coughing up a hairball .  i always thought hyde was talented though ,  faith is an interesting album .   but on topic here folks .  this movie is ridiculous .  it's so over the top and nonsensical it's almost like a parody of supernatural action films .   the movie has almost no plot here ,  except it's just about vampires with gangster friends .  in a way ,  this film almost reminded me of spider-man 3 ,  with how there were too many ideas ,  which resulted in not enough time to pay attention on one of them .   the action scenes were laughable .  quickly edited ,  almost hard to understand ,  with choreography that's so laughably bad .  though hyde looked very stylish during the action scenes ,  but that's this film's only such redemption .  i'm a sucker for good action movies ,  but the action was horribly done .  though the final shootout was ok and the highlight of this otherwise depressing movie .   it keeps jumping between genres ,  not a good thing .  it wants to be a drama ,  or an action flick ,  or a horror ,  or a romance .  .  .  what the hell .   if this review is making you mad ,  why ?  is it because gackt and hyde are your love ?  don't fool yourself ,  this movie is bad . 
i'm a huge randolph scott fan ,  but this film is a dud .  the whole thing has a canned ,  fake ,  soundstage feel to it ,  with truly awful rear-screen projection .  it has a good plot idea that the screenwriter has successfully buried in a nitwit script ,  which makes it impossible for the audience to become immersed in the action and truly care about any of the characters .  the directing is pedestrian ,  and only accentuates how bad the script is instead of helping to improve it .  i've seen plenty of thoroughly enjoyable  " soundstage productions "  before ,  but this is not one of them .  all it does is make you appreciate the gritty scott/boetticher films all the more .   randolph scott is tanned ,  trim ,  and shines that million dollar smile throughout .  he's always a pleasure .  .  . even in the worst of his films .  aside from scott ,  the other main reason i wanted to see this movie was due to how much i enjoyed ms .  wymore in errol flynn's movie ,   " rocky mountian "  .  in  " man behind the gun "  ,  she is just as beautiful ,  and you can tell she's a good actress ,  but she was forced to say some pretty dumb lines ,  and the blocking she was given by the director was truly awful .  i've only seen phil carey in  " operation pacific "  ,  and he plays the exact same character here .  .  . an arrogant pain-in-the-butt you want to beat into unconsciousness .  i guess it proves he's a good actor .  .  . he made me hate him .  there are some lame attempts at comic relief that only detract from the film ,  in my opinion .  although there are many elements to knock ,  i must say that i found myself truly enjoying the two spanish songs sung in the musical numbers .  .  . but that's not why we go to see randolph scott movies ,  right ?   there are definitely worse scott films out there ,  and this one certainly isn't unbearable ,  but it also certainly couldn't be deemed anything beyond mediocre . 
a family traveling for their daughter's softball league decide to take the 'scenic route' and end up in the middle of nowhere .  the father is an avid photographer ,  and when he hears of an old abandoned side show in the town ,  he decides to take another detour to take some photographs .   of course ,  the side show is filled with inbred freaks ,  who promptly kidnap the women and leave the young son and father to fend for themselves .   the only cool thing about this film is how the family actually fights back against their inbred captors .  other than that ,  there's nothing worthwhile about the film . 
i blind bought this movie and am pretty upset that i paid as much as i did but i would say that it's at least worth a rent for some cool deaths and laughable acting .  it is not a good movie in any way but i must say that i was pretty darn entertained .  i guess it could be called so-bad-it's-good .   as i said ,  the acting is awful ,  i feel like i could have done a better job showing ,  at least ,  any emotion .  the story is nothing new and has been done better .  i guess i just have a soft spot for any carnival-esquire type film .  i would say rent this or download it but definitely don't buy it .  it is not worth more than one watch . 
yet another movie about a group of less-than-intelligent individuals on a road trip who wander off their original travel route for either a short-cut or ,  in this case ,  to visit a run-down side show attraction .  the results ,  as expected ,  are not at all good ,  as this particular side show is home to a bunch of lunatic ,  in-bred residents who were escaped prison inmates from years before .  the father ,  who is apparently a professionally photographer ,  just has to stop and take pictures of the place ,  only to find that it still inhabited .  the various members of the family wander off to view the various attractions ,  only to be scared away .  thinking they made it safely on their way ,  the van tire explodes  ( surprise !  )  ,  leaving them to seek refuge and accommodations in the small town ,  which we find out is inhabited solely by the freaks  ( surprise !  )  .   this film plays out as expected ,  with the family being stalked and killed by the freaks .  there is some fighting back on the families part ,  but these are probably among the worst scenes in the film ,  as they are badly executed .  there is nothing remotely original here ,  unless you count the totally inappropriate soundtrack that is played during particular scenes that completely ruins the atmosphere and mood of the film .  the acting is about as bad as i have seen in quite some time by everyone involved  ( it is pretty bad when your cast is out-acted by the cast of  " camp blood )  .  the special effects are lousy and the ending made me want to punch my television .   still ,  though ,  despite all the negatives ,  i somewhat enjoyed this film .  it definitely has a  " so bad it's good "  vibe to it .  i made it through the entire movie and was even pleasantly entertained once i got past the ridiculously clichéd plot ,  terrible acting ,  and cheesy special effects .  though the ending left me feeling cheated and angry ,  particularly because the film is not that great to begin with and the ending makes the entire film pointless .   bottom line ,  i can list countless films that if you have seen them ,  you have seen this .  the difference is most of those film are better .  though not a complete waste ,  this film is pretty bad and not remotely scary .   my grade :  d
after 30 seconds ,  you already realize that there was no real budget for this cheap knock-off .  the story is taken from great movies like  " texas chainsaw massacre "  and  " hills have eyes "  .  i like those kind of movies ,  even if they're duplicated well  ( wrong turn ,  timber falls ,  carver )  .    but  " side sho "  is hard to watch :  the actors are really bad ,  the dialogue is cheesy and the music is stupid and totally misplaced .  you do not care at all what happens to the characters .  the so-called bad guys are also not interesting at all and rather stereotypical .  so how about the blood and gore  ?  well there is some ,  although it is rather cheap and the action is executed very poorly .  2 points ,  just for the gore and blood but do understand that this is hardly worth a look ,  even for the gore-hounds .  . 
a family looking for some old roadside attractions to include in the father's coffee-table book come across an ancient ,  decrepit old freak show run by an eccentric one-eyed man .  when their family van breaks down upon leaving the sideshow ,  they're forced to stay at a nearly abandoned fishing camp that was the site of a prison break decades prior .   there have been many films in the 'freak' subgenre of horror ,  ranging from tod browning's beloved 'freaks'  ( 1932 )  to alex winter's hilarious 'freaked'  ( 1993 )  .  those are both classics  ( or soon-to-be with 'freaked' )  .  'side sho , ' however ,  never will be .  and if it ever does reach classic status .   .   .  well ,  it will be an obvious clue to the sad state of our genre .  from the ridiculously bad opening song to the 17-year-old daughter that's obviously older than her natural mother ,  this film did not have much going for it .  the writing was subpar ,  but not completely awful .   .   .  just boring .  the direction was poor ,  and the rare freak effects were pretty horrendous and unbelievable .  the acting was abysmal and the casting was even worse .  anyone who would believe the ages of these two camp-age teenagers must not have met a teenager in a long ,  long time .  there was far from enough gore & violence to make up for the lack of any other quality .   .   .  and when there was a bit of violence ,  it was not well done at all .  and ,  i can't forget to mention the ending fight scenes which were ,  with all honesty ,  some of the worst i've ever ,  ever seen in a film .  overall ,  this is an easily forgettable and poorly made horror film that deserves to be left alone at the bottom of the dollar bin .   final verdict :  2 . 5/10 . 
from the decrepit ranks of the already over-saturated 'hillybilly horror' sub-genre comes this woeful tale of a vacationing family terrorized by inbred rednecks .  sound familiar ?  well it most definitely should to anyone with even a cursory knowledge of the horror genre .  there is absolutely new here .  the film seems content to recycle all thee old worn out clichés  ( deformed hicks ,  a peaceful family turned gun-toting killers when push comes to show ,  the rebellious daughter ,  the one 'freak' who's good at heart ,  etcetera .  .  .  )  ,  but does even that half-heartedly enough to make this an utter waste of time .  this is forgettable dreck ,  but humorously enough lead j . d .  hart once starred in a movie called  " films that suck "  earlier in his career ,  quite an ironic omen indeed .   my grade :  d-
guy de maupassant was a novelist who wrote a novel about a man ,  a poor man ,  without any moral qualities .  he only wanted to success in a society where all the people ,  the politic men ,  the businessmen ,  the journalists ,  the women are corrupt .  the only king is money .  the maupassant hero ,  charles forestier is going higher and higher in the society scale thanks to his seduction poser .  he is in love with all the women who could help him in his action to climb the society stapes .  at the end of the novel ,  he married himself with the biggest daily paper owner's daughter ,  in the greatest church of paris  :   " la madeleine "  .   " le tout paris "  is there .  he has a fortune and more ,  he will become a member of parliament and later a minister .  the  " useless "  women are out of his view ,  but he is always keeping in touch with the pretty and the usefull women .  the picture  " the private affairs of bel ami "  is a story of morality .  it is everything ,  but not a story in the maupassant idea .  why had they put  " bel ami "  in its title  ? 
as the 2000's came to a close ,  king kong's adopted daughter went ahead and made a tearful announcement her show as coming to an end .   while miss winfrey was tearing up ,  i was laughing and screaming like a wild indian from the old west .   so what does oprah do ?  she takes famous people ,  and puts them on her show .  what kind of famous people ?  people who've suffered  ( just like her ,  except these people have lost more than their virginity )  they've suffered melted faces  ( true story )  ,  missing limbs  ( true story ,  see end of paragraph )  ,  and spousal abuse  ( too many to count )  .  and somehow they come on the show and tell their story ,  as if we haven't heard it before tons and tons of times  ( bethany hamilton ,  i've heard your tale about losing an arm to a shark since day one ,  which was october 31st ,  2003 .  don't tell me you have no hard feelings .  )  but the biggest thing probably on oprah was michael jackson's interview in 1993 ,  after being accused of being a child molester .  sadly ,  mr .  jackson has since passed away .  but that one particular show told about michael's personal life ,  something not many people knew about at the time .   oprah's real influence comes from middle aged women and soccer moms .  they seem to think she's like a personal jesus sometimes .  but all i see in oprah is some big ghetto lady who made it big ,  and she's just showing off how rich she is .   i'm glad her shows going to end soon .  we need better television programs . 
unless you are already familiar with the pop stars who star in this film ,  save yourself the time and stop reading this review after you've reached the end of the next sentence .   forget you ever stumbled upon this film and go watch something else .   but if you insist on reading ,  consider :    lame vehicle for japanese teen idol pretty-boys featuring nonsensical ,  convoluted  " plot "  that drags out for an insufferable amount of time until you're ready to scream .   nothing in this film makes sense .  it's an endless series of people expressing various emotions ,  from joy to anger ,  from happiness to tragedy ,  for no good reason .  we can obviously see something incredibly  " dramatic "  is happening ,  but we just don't give a crap why 'cause there's no backstory .   by the time this film is over ,  you will be sick and tired of these stupid ,  lanky ,  girly stars' faces .  you'll be revolted at having spent all this time watching them smile ,  sneer ,  cry ,  look mysterious ,  be  " serious ,  "  and any other pointless expression they slap on their faces .   that some moron would ever go so far as to refer to this piece of insipid trash as being the  " soul "  of any of its  " actors "  should prove to you beyond the shadow of a doubt what the trailer and countless adoring comments on this site will not tell you :    only the  " converted ,  "  mindless minions will like this film ,  the majority of them teenage girls with a pathological adoration for anything androgynous .  freud would have a field day .   unless you're one of these mindless  " fans ,  "  stay the hell away from this abomination . 
really .  does any week go by that oprah doesn't remind us that she was abused as child ?   she makes herself the focus of every interview .   oprah cannot resist commenting on the answer to every question she asks .  she often interrupts guests before an answer is finished to interject her own aside or anecdote .  directors are obviously instructed to focus on her closeup reaction rather than guest's faces because that's what counts - what oprah feels ,  what oprah says .   oprah ,  oprah ,  oprah .  it's always all about oprah .   oprah says - feel sorry for me ,  i was so poor .  feel the pain of my battle with my weight .  feel my hurt when i'm turned away from a fancy store after they've already closed .  feel good for buying my magazines and books .  feel good for my success .  feel good when you give to my charity to make me look good .  feel good for making me rich beyond belief .   my interpretation of her point of view :  you viewers are all deeply flawed and you need my daily advice .  i have all the answers for your life though i have nothing in common with you plebes .  i have never been married nor do i want to be .  i have never had to raise a family - but i know all about it .  i have little respect for men or marriage .  i clearly prefer people like me over others - witness  " legends ball 2006 "  .  gayle is my best friend but we are not gay .   as of 7/31/2006 ,  the heading on her website actually reads  :   " oprah . com is your leading source for information about love ,  life ,  self ,  relationships ,  food ,  home ,  spirit and health .  "  how presumptive and obnoxious is that  ?    in june 2006 ,  she crashed two private wedding receptions in oklahoma to gather footage for her september 2006 shows .  she keeps promising to quit tv but her yapfest drags on with no end in sight .   contrary to what she thinks ,  oprah is neither a queen nor a goddess nor on a personal mission from god .  she's just one very lucky ,  overweight ,  black woman who copied phil donahue's style and called it her own .  she happened to be in the right place at the right time and knew exactly how to suck up to the right demographic .    oprah is the p . t .  barnum of this age and it amazes me that people cannot see through her facade .    so ladies and gentlemen ,  boys and girls and you too oprah if you can fit that inflated ego through the door - this way now to the great egress  .  .  . 
the seventh sign has a great opening hook as the israeli defence force come across a terrorist base  .  this is the type of hook that is a must when writing a script  ,  it grabs the reader / audience and the introduction of david bannon as he rents a room from abby and russell quinnn telegraphs the point that this is a man who`s not who he says he is  .  however after the great opening third i found the rest of the movie confusing and uninvolving with a large number of plotholes and isn`t all that different from umpteen other supernatural thrillers that i`ve seen
  dull demi ,  going thru the motions .  ditto prochnow .  ominous portents that elicit yawns .  michael biehn trying to be dynamic ,  which ain't his shtick .   to quote buffy summers ,   " if the apocalypse comes .  .  . beep me .  "   going back to sleep now . 
the movie confuses religious ethics and ideals so much that it fails to create coherent argument against the death penalty on any level .  by presenting the lawful execution of a convicted murder as the catalyst for the apocalyptic end of mankind the movie elevates a parent killer to the status of martyr for christ .  somehow ,  according to the plot ,  god is outraged that society has chosen to rid it's self of a fanatic who killed his own parents by starting them on fire while they slept defenselessly in their beds .  yet this same god has no indignation for the acts of the killer .  the lead character ,  an nonreligious pregnant suicidal woman ,  ultimately gives her own life in a defiant but implausible attempt to unsuccessfully save this convicted killer .  in other threads of the underdeveloped plot jesus comes back as a powerless and frustrated vagabond to symbolically unleash the wrath of god .  the modern lackluster incarnation of christ not just dehumanizes him but mocks the messianic ideal of all religions as well .  he is unable to affect humanity for good and unemotionally skates the edges of life waiting for mankind to destroy it's self .  meanwhile ,  with little help from jesus the mentally unstable pregnant woman finds herself with the ability to reincarnate herself into her newly born soulless child which somehow saves all of mankind from the wrath of the almighty .  i also interpreted that as a statement in support of abortion on some levels .  this movie which attempts to weave many religious themes into a thriller fails to make any religious point that i could clearly interpret except to mock people's beliefs .  it raises many questions that it never even attempts to answer .  it disregards the religious values of its audience while attempting to portray an asinine version of their fulfillment .  silly
one word boring .   the young demi looks good ,  but she's pregnant  ( - point for that =d )  the movie is not scary at all .  .  .   the first scenes looked little crappy ,  i could render better clouds with my laptop ,  and after effects .  but that was then .  .  .  and now is now .  some movies do not get old well .  .  .  this is one of them .   not worth renting or buying .  .  .  get something better instead like the exorcist ,   .  .  .   next =d  oh the drama part in the beginning just and simply suxor =d
when i saw this film on fearnet ,  i thought it would be a scary movie .  apparently ,  it wasn't .  i have no clue how this movie was allowed to be featured on that site .  fearnet is a site that shows scary horror movies .   the acting is wonderful from all the actors .  i hated the story .  the story was stupid .  the movie starts out with a man with a scroll with a signia stamped onto it .  he breaks the seal and certain disasters happen .  the water turns to blood ,  the oceans die out ,  the moon turns red ,  etc .    the female character was annoying as well .  a lot of the stuff she did didn't make sense .  like when she sees a piece of paper with a date on it .  coincidentally ,  it's the date she's expected to give birth to her baby and she starts freaking out about it and starts researching it and asking religious people what it all means .   *spoiler alert*   the two worst things happened in this movie are the execution of a mentally retarded man who claimed that god told him to murder his parents and the end where demi moore dies after giving birth to her baby and transferring her soul into it .   here's what happens .  the mentally retarded person gets shot and killed and the apocalypse begins .  demi moore gets into a hospital in the middle of a massive earthquake and gives birth to her child .  she touches her child's head ,  transferring her soul into the child and then dies .  then ,  the apocalypse stops .   why does god all of a sudden have a change of heart ?  he gets furious when the governor allows the execution of a mentally retarded man then he's all about forgiveness once a lone woman transfers her soul into her baby ?    *end spoiler*   the movie is pretty stupid .  it's another religious end of the world propaganda piece .  the acting from demi moore and michael biehn and everybody else is excellent .  that's about all there is .   i give this movie 2 stars out of 10 .  good acting with a lot of nonsense ! 
 " the seventh sign "  borrows a lot from  " rosemary's baby "  and  " the omen "   ( it actually blends the two stories )  . even its title recalls bergman' s  " the seventh seal "   .   nevertheless , it begins well enough , with all the omens scattered on the whole earth , and in parallel  , a -seemingly- distinct plot with moore's husband trying to save a poor boy  ( who killed his parents who were brother and sister ) from death penalty . this time , both christian and jewish religions are called to the rescue  ( even the wandering jew is involved )  , which makes the lines sometimes unintentionally funny  ( have you ever been to sunday school ?  but they taught me that god was love !  )  . the best scene imho  , is the short dialog between priest john heard -who does not seem to take things seriously  , too bad he was not given a more important part because his laid-back acting is priceless-and the young jew .   demi moore probably registered the same desire as ex-husband bruce willis  : saving the world . she does not save the movie for all that . 
it's official ,  folks -- hou hsiao-hsien doesn't have a thought in his pretty little head .  are you wondering why he chose shu qi as his muse ?   shu  (  or is that qi ?   )  doesn't appear in this one .  instead we get a snaggletoothed yo hitoto ,  apparently a pop star in japan -- judging by her song at the end ,  she's a pop star just like the girl who serves you at rockin' curry is  " a actriss "  -- and a wasted tadanobu asano ,  typically an indicator of quality ,  who is required to do nothing here but stand around and look like a mumbling asian hipster and is too old to manage even that .    hou's philosophy ?  life is limbo ,  a big nothing ,  feel it and move on .  i'd like to do that but hou gives us nothing to feel in cafe lumiere beyond a bland photo essay of life in tokyo circa 2003 and the flabbergasting observation that people are ships that pass in the night ,  no ,  make that trains that pass in the day ,  never connecting ,  each hurtling to its own destination ,  usually some variant of a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge if they're lucky .  yikes .  flowers of shanghai is one of the most rarefied ,  technically accomplished and mesmerizing films of all time .  how could the same director who created the opening shot of that film ,  which features about twelve actors conversing at machine-gun speed for about ten straight minutes -- an impossible directorial feat -- get trapped making this laconic sub-jarmusch reality porn for two films in a row now ?  millennium mambo may be dead weight ,  but at least it has two great shots ,  shots that hint at hou's true calling as the film equivalent of odilon redon :  those shots are the sex scene with the arrhythmically blinking lights and the opening shot of shu qi floating down a blue corridor .  his m . o .  while making cafe lumiere seems to have been to remove the two great shots from millennium mambo to make it more consistent .  you be the judge if that sounds appealing .    hou does not need to refine -- you cannot refine the limbo idea further than flowers of shanghai .  he needs to expand ,  to bloat outwards ,  to release the inner expressionist and genre-revitalizer that is being squandered so senselessly on clichéd minimalism .  it's time for him to do a live-action remake of akira or something .  this kind of art film where the actors are supposed to be authentic because they are held facelessly in long-shot and speak in monosyllables is now every last bit as safe ,  ghettoized and stagnant as the hollywood action blockbuster .   (  what is the connection between  " reality "  and people who can't talk ?  it seems to me that people  " in real life "  never stop jabbering .   )  then again ,  considering that 2005 alone brought big-budget movies as diverse and rich in ideas as aeon flux ,  the island ,  and king kong ,  it's now safe to say that even michael bay has surpassed hou ,  and that's really sad .   the good news is that ,  though hou is in his 50s ,  it frankly feels to me as if he hasn't even begun .  there are a couple moments in this film that show the promise is still there ,  such as a moody bit early on in the bookstore when the room dims to a bloody sunset-red while hitoto talks about babies with the faces of goblins .  but whatever fear is holding him back ,  however comfortable it is to make the same film over and over and be hailed by the gullible and pretentious as the savior of cinema ,  hou ,  your time as the darling of the rotterdam ,  venice ,  toronto ,  berlin and whatever else film festivals is almost up and people are catching onto your ruse double-quick .  two words for you :  atom egoyan .  two more words ,  or maybe three :  tsai ming-liang .  you are now cribbing from both of these tedious frauds who are about to go up their own dark tunnels forever .  risk your shirt on a sci-fi epic ,  sell out ,  be reviled -- but leave the social critiques to people that have no eye and no heart .  let your painterly talent express itself to the full .  you're not going to ever get out of limbo otherwise . 
the original book of this was set in the 1950s but that won't do for the tv series because most people watch for the 1930s style .  ironically the tube train near the end was a 1950s train painted to look like a 1930s train so the underground can play at that game too .  hanging the storyline on a plot about the jarrow march was feeble but the 50s version had students who were beginning to think about the world around them so i suppose making them think about the poverty of the marchers is much the same thing .  all the stuff about japp having to cater for himself was weak too but they had to put something in to fill the time .  this would have made a decent half hour show or they could have filmed the book and made it a better long show .  it is obvious this episode is a victim of style over content . 
cafe lumiere is a beautifully photographed nullity .  unacquainted with the work of the director ,  i am well-acquainted with the filmmaker he is supposedly paying tribute to - ozu yasujiro .  while not even approaching ozu in greatness ,  hou has communicated nothing of ozu's depth of emotion and concentration on meaning within a closed space .  one of the things he misses entirely is ozu's attention to character - we are not even  " introduced "  by hou to his lead character  ( a perfect blank page )  .  there are no medium or close shots of his people .  one of the dvd extras offers interviews with the actors and gives us precisely what hou doesn't - a good look at their faces .   there was a great spanish film by bardem called nunca pasa nada ,  which translates to something like  " nothing ever happens "  .  that would be a far better title to this pointless exercise .  all through the film we are given clues about an obscure taiwanese composer some of whose work we hear on the soundtrack .  but the clues ,  like everything else ,  add up to nothing .  unless you're a trainspotter ,  this film has nothing to recommend it . 
i've given 'kôhî jikô' a low score not because it was a bad movie ,  but because it doesn't do anything worth praising .   i've not seen any of hsiao-hsien hou's work before ,  but for the uninitiated  ( me included )  'kôhî jikô' is advertised as a homage to yasujiro ozu .   ( a japanese director whose last film was way ,  way in 1962 )  the film is an extremely sparse work .  .  . containing very little dialogue ,  story ,  music or emotion .   yo hitoto plays 'yoko' a jobless ,  wandering character who spends her time in her local coffee shop or loosely investigating a taiwanese composer she likes .  tadanobu asano plays her friend ,  who works in a cd shop and occasionally indulges his otaku interest in trains .  and that's about all it .   we watch as yoko drinks coffee alone .  .  . walks around .  .  . waits for a train .  .  . catches a train .  .  . falls asleep on the train .  the kind of mundane reality anybody in japan can see on a daily basis .  hou captures these ordinary moments of these characters life ,  but without any meaning to these vignettes it's an entirely pointless film to make or watch . 
i am a relative latecomer to the transcendent work of film auteur yasujiro ozu ,  whose masterfully understated views of japanese life ,  especially in the post-wwii era ,  illuminate universal truths .  having now seen several of his landmark films such as 1949's  " late spring "  and 1953's  " tokyo story "  ,  i am convinced that ozu had a particularly idiosyncratic gift of conveying the range of feelings arising from intergenerational conflict through elliptical narratives and subtle imagery .  it is taiwanese director hou hsiao-hsien's keen aspiration to pay homage to ozu on his centenary with this generally enervating 2003 film .  among with co-screenwriter t'ien-wen chu ,  hsiao-hsien appears to get the visuals right but does not capture the requisite emotional weight that would have made the glacial pacing tolerable .   the story concerns yôko ,  a young japanese writer researching the life of mid-20th century taiwanese composer jiang wen-ye in tokyo after coming back from taiwan where she taught japanese .  after 25 drawn-out minutes of character set-up ,  she reveals to her father and stepmother that she is pregnant by one of her students in taiwan .  at the same time ,  yôko's coffeehouse friend hajime ,  who runs a used bookstore ,  has an obsession for trains and seems likely to be in love with her .  hsiao-hsien connects this slim plot line with a series of shots held for inordinately lengthy takes as the frame composition changes .  there are also long stretches of silence as well as an abundance of scenes featuring trains .  while these techniques are consistent with ozu's style ,  hsiao-hsien cannot seem to dive into the characters' psyches the way ozu did with maximal fluidity and minimal theatrics ,  in particular ,  yôko's plight seems rather non-committal in the scheme of the drama presented and her parents' reaction overly passive to hold much interest .  in fact ,  the whole film has an atmosphere of exhaustion about it ,  which makes the film feel interminable .   the performances are unobtrusive though hardly memorable .  j-pop music star yo hitoto brings a natural ease to yôko ,  while tadanobu asano is something of a cipher as hajime .  the rest of the characters barely register ,  even nenji kobayashi and kimiko yo as yôko's parents .  cinematographer lee ping-bing provides expert work though he violates a cardinal rule of ozu films by not keeping the camera stable during shots .  hitoto speak-sings the fetching pop song used over he ending credits ,   " hito-shian "  .  the dvd includes an hour long ,  french-made documentary ,   " métro lumière "  ,  which actually does help provide some of the context for hsiao-hsien's approach to the film .  it includes excerpts from ozu's films ,  in particular ,   " equinox flower "  ,  to show the parallels with this film though surprisingly no mention of either  " tokyo story "  or  " early summer "  ,  the obvious basis for some of the scenes and situation set-ups .  there are also edited interview clips of hitoto ,  asano and hsiao-hsien ,  as well as the film's trailer . 
while the acting and directing could be argued as having some merit - the storyline is a very poor wannabe vietnam movie with the country name simply changed .   at the very least ,  for a movie to hold some credibility ,  try and have some semblance of accuracy in equipment ,  weapons and tactics .  nevermind the gross misrepresentation of the behaviour of the troops as a norm .   aside for the limited use as silly propaganda about the south african defence force ,  it serves little purpose - definitely no entertainment value .   aspiring movie makers - this is how not to make a war movie .  do some research ,  and have some pride in your product . 
ok this movie was really  " unique "  shall we say .  carrie fisher was by far the most talented in the movie ,  even though it is said she had a coke problem during the movie .  but she said that she can't remember to much of it .  well thats her excuse but whats everyone else's ?  ?  ?  i can't imagine they all had a coke problem . whatever it wasn't all that bad i mean i guess the plot was ok and it had some pretty funny moments .  although the part where the guy gets that thing shoved in his head was a little too violent for my taste .  oh well i guess i was disappointed cause carrie fisher is like so awesome and this movie did nothing for her . 
when you see boris karloff and bela lugosi as co-stars ,  you expect to find a well done horror movie ,  but this was actually quite different ,  representing as it did what i would describe as an early effort at science fiction .  karloff and lugosi both play scientists  ( rukh and benet respectively )  - competitors to an extent ,  until rukh wins benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory .  the science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges  ( thus science fiction ,  with the emphasis on the fiction )  but somehow rukh harnesses some sort of ray from andromeda that allows him to look at the earth  " several thousand million years ago .  "  in that pre historic time ,  a huge meteorite slammed into africa ,  leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call  " radium x "  - which can heal and destroy .  a large portion of the movie is set rather tediously in africa ,  on a search for the meteorite deposits ,  which rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon ,  unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well .   karloff and lugosi were both pretty good here .  lugosi pulls off a role in which he's the good guy pretty well ,  although i frankly found him a bit unconvincing - especially during the scenes set in africa .  the story also plodded along a bit ,  and while it held my attention it didn't captivate me .  given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick ,  and that sci-fi was in its very early stages ,  i suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack .  it was ok - nothing more ,  but also nothing less than that .  4/10
carrie fisher has stated on more than one occasion that she made this movie during a period of her life when she had a heavy cocaine problem ,  and she doesn't remember very much of it .  that would explain why she made this film ,  but it doesn't explain why anyone else in the cast or crew did ;  i can't believe that everybody had a coke problem .  this has to be one of the absolute worst movies ever made ,  and that's saying something .  the blame can't be laid at the feet of  " director "  tim kincaid or  " writer "  buddy giovinazzo ,  as it is obvious that this picture wasn't written or directed by anyone .  apparently it just spontaneously came together ,  as there is little evidence of coherency ,  consistency ,  design ,  plot ,  sense ,  intelligence or anything else .  what is really amazing is that there were some actual professionals who were involved in this glop .  co-star robert joy has done good work in other films ,  and composer jimmie haskell and cinematographer arthur marks are both industry veterans ,  marks also having been a director ,  and not a bad one .  why they got involved in this steaming pile of offal is beyond comprehension .  tim kincaid ,  the alleged  " director "  ,  has made quite a few low-rent sci-fi and horror films ,  and ,  having seen most of them ,  i can tell you that not a one of them is any good .  this one ,  though ,  is by far the worst thing he's ever done ,  and that is a major accomplishment on his part .  everything ,  absolutely everything ,  about this movie is 12th-rate--at best .  the cinematography is terrible ,  the acting is laughable ,  the  " special effects "  make  " plan 9 from outer space "  look like  " spider-man "  ,  the story is trite ,  derivative and stupid .  don't waste your time even looking at the video box cover ,  let alone renting it .  a complete ,  utter ,  annoying ,  total dud . 
this movie should be number one on the bottom 100 .  the acting is so horrible that when my son and i watched it we nearly got physically ill .  and the story is worse .  i could go on and on about how bad it is but all i really wanted to do was add a warning to frankbob's review as i see no one else has gone to the trouble of doing so yet .  don't waste your time ,  money ,  energy or anything else on this movie .  thank goodness we saw it on tv so we didn't spend anything on it .  had we ,  i would have been forced to write the people responsible for this abomination and be forced to hurl an execration in their general direction .  in conclusion ,  i would like to say that i have always enjoyed watching carrie fisher act .  but i am sad to say that she is not worth watching in this particular film .  don't spoil your opinion of carrie by viewing it . 
whoa .  in the twin cities ,  we have a station that shows a  " big bad movie "  monday through friday .  tonight's nugget was a film with carrie fisher called  " she's back "  about a really annoying woman who ends up getting murdered when thugs break into her house .  bea  ( beatrice )  comes back to haunt her husband .  she wants him to seek revenge on her killers ,  hence  " she's back "  .  and she won't let him rest until he does so .  she irritates him endlessly .  .  .  and the viewers ,  too !  this movie is truly one of the worst movies i've ever seen .  hey ,  i like bad movies ,  though  ( my fave movie is xanadu )  .  i was really shaking my head throughout the whole film ,  wondering who thought this would be a good idea for a movie .  bea is just so annoying .  the plot is silly ;  the acting is bad ;  the story .  .  .  well ,  you get my drift .  anyway ,  if you wanna see a really bad movie - really really bad movie ,  check this one out .  you won't be disappointed .  heh . 
protégé runs in a linear fashion ;  expect no fast-paced action ,  and neither will you find yourself with baited breath because there are simply no seating-on-the-edge moments .   there is not much of a crux ,  so don't expect one either .  i would not fault the acting - the show would have been much worst if not for wu's acting which was the film's only saving grace .  and ,  oh that cute little girl too .   the humour is at best ,  weak ,  and the show must as well pass off as an anti-drug campaign which employs the usual shock-tactic  ( esp in the scenes with zhang )  to tell us stuff that we already know - i . e .  drugs break up families ,  heroin drives you crazy ,  it is not so easy to wean off ,  you will fall into a vicious cycle .   i know it may seem all a little harsh ,  but i feel that the show is far from seamless and somewhat patchy  ( *spoiler alert* :  take for example when andy lau got brought to the police station :  what ?  we were just told 'oh we have all the tapes and evidence against you since 1997' ,  and that is how he got caught .  nope ,  no chasing-car action ,  just a jump-of-scene ,  which kind of undermined wu's role as an undercover in the first place .  )  i suspect the lack of creativity is attributed to the fact that it is after all ,  a production of mediacorp raintree - a singaporean production film company . 
andy lau stars in another cop undercover tale .  daniel wu plays nick who is working for the cops and is also close to the top of a drug dealing gang ( lau )  .  the movie begins as we watch the police try to make a drug bust only to see it go to pieces .  we then are introduced to the young drug addicted mother and her daughter living near nick and to his cronies and the cops ,  and 45 minutes in i shut off the movie and put on the news .  well acted and great to look at this is as uninvolving a movie as i've seen in a long time .  its not bad as such its just you really don't care .  i mean i really didn't care at all .  i actually started to do something else completely forgetting i had on a subtitled movie on ,  thats how much i didn't care .  i wish i could have hated the film but the film is such a nonentity that it made almost no impression on me  ( its not even something i could sleep to its just something to ignore )  .  come on the box called it the chinese scarface , what after he was dead ?  this is one to avoid . 
i rented it because the second segment traumatized me as a little kid .  i snuck downstairs really early one morning ,  started watching hbo ,  and the raft  ( segment 2 )  terrorized me good .  this time around ,  i still enjoyed the raft ,  although i couldn't tell whether it was for nostalgic reasons or if it was actually a good short .  the other two segments were complete trash .  i can't believe a producer somewhere payed to make this junk .  all i've accomplished by watching this was to ruin one more childhood memory .  creepshow 2 will now join rad among my list of tainted childhood classics .  4/10
five years after the original creepshow ,  another inferior horror sequel is penned by george a .  romero and stephen king :  creepshow 2 .  this time there are only three stories instead of five .  none of the three stories is really original or distinguished either .  the first story is a horror staple ,  formulaic story about a wooden indian statue seeking revenge against the killers of its owners .  the effects are really neat in this story ,  but it's just too familiar to be compelling enough .  george kennedy and dorothy lamour play the elderly store owners .  the second story ,   " the raft "  ,  is a stephen king story .  it's about four teenagers that unwittingly spend the day on a wooden pallet in the middle of an isolated lake .  soon the kids are screaming for their lives as a watery blob does each of them in for no apparent reason .  however ,  instead of being suspenseful ,  the kids are saddled with bad dialog and dopey-headed behavior ,  preventing us from really caring about what happens next .  there is also some unintentional humor in this segment .  the third and final story is  " the hitch-hiker "  ,  which is actually a retread re-adapted for creepshow 2 .  the original story ,  by lucille fletcher ,  was filmed in 1953 as a film noir suspense film .  then it was adapted for a famous twilight zone episode featuring inger stevens .   " the hitch-hiker "  works the best out of these three offerings ,  but it's not without its problems either .  lois chiles plays a cheating spouse ,  who ends up running over a hitch-hiker ,  or so she thinks .  however ,  we don't know whether to sympathize with her or condemn her .  as in many average stories of this type ,  the characters exist merely to tell the stories with their twists and turns .  the wrap around story with the bullies seems a bit out of place .  tom savini appears as the  " creep "  in this installment .  the good thing is there haven't been any more sequels .  *1/2 of 4 stars . 
sequels have a nasty habit of being disappointing ,  and the best credit i can give this is that it maintains that old tradition .  these three tales aren't anything as good as any from the original creepshow .   by far the best of the trio involves a wooden idol which comes to life to take revenge on the thugs who killed its owners .  the second story is about a lake monster which seems to be nothing more than a lot of floating slop ,  makes you wonder how anybody could possibly be scared of it .  the third story includes a cameo from stephen king as a truck driver ,  but other than that is a pretty unmemorable tale concerning the victim of a road traffic accident who comes back from the dead for the person who knocked him down .   watch the original creepshow instead ,  or if you already have done then be happy with that . 
i am a big fan of old horror movies ,  and since i am middle aged ,  old to me is a movie made before 1970 with most being made in the 1920's to 1960's period .  i am not a big fan of more modern horror movies ,  with one exception being creepshow 1 ,  which i thought was great .  i could reminisce about the stories there but i really really enjoyed the monster in the box story with hal holbrook ,  and also the one about the really clean guy was a great ending .  all the stories were great though .  so why did i like them so much ?  the characters had some decent development ,  the lines were very plain about who was good and who was bad ,  the horror bits were heightened with a close up of a face aghast with fear ,  and the funny bits were really funny !  this sequel is either greatly lacking of these elements or they are totally absent !  i am writing this only having watched it partially because the movie was a complete waste of time and i turned it off to do other things like write movie reviews on imdb . com ,  lol .  when george kennedy and an old dorothy lamoure get top billing it's telling you something .  .  .  .  . 4 of 10 .  also ,  romero's expertise is hard to find here ,  they must had told him to tone it down to a pg standard  ( i don't know what this was rated at but it looks pg to me )  ,  and that's not a good thing for a movie with nothing else going on .  it's shown on the encore cable channel if your dieing  ( yuck yuck )  to see it . 
a somewhat dull made for tv movie which premiered on the tbs cable station .  antonio and janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and .  .  . that's about it .  for trivia buffs this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real life 'melissa' virus also made it's debut in e-mail inboxes across the world . 
 " creepshow 2 "  is little more than a pale imitation of the original ,  designed with little purpose other than to cash in on the name of the previous film .  it even amplifies the flaws of its predecessor ,  which was often predictable and heavy-handed .  still ,  the first time around ,  there were enough thrills to make up for it's periodic lulls ,  resulting in an uneven but overall fairly entertaining effort .  the sequel has few worthwhile moments ,  so the transparency of the stories are even more apparent .  once in a while ,  it delivers ,  but most of the time ,  it just lingers there .   as in the original ,  all the stories revolve around the common theme of revenge and just desserts .  a wooden indian comes to life ,  wreaking vengeance upon the killers of its owner .  teenagers are devoured by an aquatic monster .  a hitchhiker returns from the dead to pursue a careless motorist .  none of these premises are inherently bad in themselves ,  but they are utterly lacking in inspiration .  there are few surprises and no scares .  this a textbook example of unmotivated ,  by-the-numbers filmmaking .  it doesn't help that this cheap-looking movie suffers from a flat directorial style ,  although to be honest ,  there wasn't much to work with .  in the end ,  the second story comes off best ,  but not by much .    for the most part ,  the performances are okay at best .  george kennedy ,  as the ill-fated general store owner ,  does an adequate ,  if not particularly inspired job .  dorothy lamour ,  on the other hand ,  is quite good as the guilt-ridden motorist ,  evoking sympathy for her plight despite the predictable ,  redundant material .  however ,  most of the characters are pretty thin overall .    one would think that  " creepshow 2 "  would have turned out better .  george romero ,  who directed the original ,  returned to pen the screenplay ,  based on more of stephen king's stories .  makeup effects artist tom savini turns in some good ,  gory work .  so why is the film a letdown ?  i guess romero didn't really want to make a second film ,  but was forced to do so for financial reasons .  it was a decade of horror sequels ,  clones ,  rip-offs ,  and whatnot ,  so this one was certainly inevitable .  i can imagine the guy writing the script in a hurry ,  picking up his paycheck ,  and running off .  i guess he had to do what was necessary to get his own projects financed ;  we can't blame him .   rating :  *1/2  ( out of **** )   released by new world pictures
creepshow 2 had a lot of potential ,  they just didn't put enough time in perfecting it .  the stories were pretty cool and creepy enough ,  but it was lacking .  it's a good movie ,  but after you've seen it once ,  you might want to see it again .  this movie could of been better . 
creepshow 2 is the ill-fated sequel to the george romero's  ( overrated )  original ,  creepshow .  any sequel following a romero film that's not directed by romero himself has got some large shoes to fill ,  mostly because of the romero fans out there who think he's god .  i didn't care much for the first film and funny enough ,  i didn't care much for the sequel .  the film series had so much potential but it was short-lived because both films were less than stellar .    the biggest problem with creepshow 2 was that it only had three stories  ( excluding the in-between story )  ,  and because the first story sucked beyond belief ,  it only left the chance for almost half of the movie to be *really* good .  i saw cs 2 at the movies and the first segment was a real groaner .  anything dramatic with george 'i can't act' kennedy is automatically doomed and the indian statue story was too hokey and simply didn't belong in this sequel .  so after a really trite and dull start ,  there were only two other stories left to reverse the fiasco of the aborted beginning and unfortunately the two other stories weren't great enough for me to forget the first story .  the raft and the hitchhiker are moderately successful ,  moderately because though the two other segments have their moments ,  they still sorta fall flat .  the two last stories are basically stretched out for too long .  it's not that i wanted the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and end fast ,  but both good ideas found within those stories were sorta nullified by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell flat when the segments needed to be more energized ,  more erratic and with punchier endings .  also ,  if the two last stories hadn't been stretched out to pad the movie or had all three segments been more brief with better editing and direction ,  they could have added a much needed fourth story to the bunch .  having only three padded segments made for a boring feast .   the acting and writing in both the raft and the hitchhiker segments are from awful to good .  i like lois chiles in the last segment .  it's probably her best moment on screen aside from her role as bond girl holly goodhead in moonraker and in death on the nile .  but even her role is difficult to understand at times because of the serviceable direction and the unfocused story .  are we supposed to hate her or sympathize with her ?  are we supposed to sympathize with the annoying hitchhiker ?  if the hitchhiker's body was found by other people on the road ,  what was he when he attacked chiles ?  was he a ghost or a zombie or what ?  how did the body eventually left the presence of the other people who found him dead in order to attack chiles ?  the whole thing is not very clear ,  even for a supernatural story .  and the ending is rather dull and uneventful .   as for the infamous the raft story ,  well ,  the acting is mostly on the awful side and none of the characters are sympathetic or interesting .  the characters would have been more interesting had the actors played themselves .  none of the actors are convincing in their specific roles .  paul satterfield looks smarter than the dumb jock he's playing and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not very convincing as the typical bitchy slut .  she seems too timid .  the same could be said with the two others who play the  " plain "  teens .  the idea of the killer oil slick is interesting and creepy but not well executed .  there should have been a fifth character to the story ,  maybe a homeless man or a ranger who lurks around the lake and knows about the oil slick and could have been the watery monster's alter ego of sorts .  as creepy as the oil slick is ,  it doesn't make for a compelling  " character "  .  and the way the story ends ,  everything seems pointless .  no punch to it whatsoever .   except for the few titillating aspects which always seems to make boring things worthwhile ,  seeing creepshow 2 at a theater was basically a waste of money and time .  cs 2 is more rental material than something you pay to see on the big screen . 
i might not be a huge admirer of the original  " creepshow "  ,  but its trashy sequel makes that anthology look like perfection !  and to think i was going into this expecting to like this one more .  five years after its predecessor ,  george romero gets back on board the ec comic style trail and on this outing pens the screenplay for steve king's three stories .  though ,  the direction is handed off to michael gornick .  the film mostly falters in that aspect with uneven brushes by gornick .  but most of the blame would have to go to romero's dreadfully static and unbearably cringe-like script  ( especially in those dialogues streaming through the first and final story )  .  moralistic messages  ( that came from mostly a sour bunch of characters )  simply took over the black humour .  oh it was painful and the same can be said about the lively rotten music score accompanying the picture .  loosely linking the three tales  ( old chief woodenhead ,  the raft and the hitchhiker )  together is a mildly curious and effective wraparound story done in nostalgia  ( 80s )  animation form .  i rather liked this segment and the wisecracking creep character was a glowing light .    # the first story  " old chief woodenhead "  sees two elderly proprietors  ( george kennedy & dorothy lamour )  of a general store in a dying native community ,  dead river .  get robbed and eventually killed by a couple of punks dying to live it up in hollywood .  in front of the store is a wooden statue of an indian chief that comes to live to avenge their deaths .    -listen to george kennedy waffle .  .  and waffle on for 10 minutes about how he's committed to his 'great' community .  what a nice touchy feely time .  well ,  just like kennedy's speeches ,  this is one monotonously colourless and overdrawn item that never makes good of a fine premise .  the overbearing script is plain inane and the performances are suitably so .  these two factors really added to my headache .  when the indian comes alive and turns avenger ,  the goons meet a very quick  ( though grisly )  death in the proper fashion .  the effects were commendably done ,  but what about that free flowing hair .  how could hollywood knock that lock of hair back ?  ugh !    # second story  " the raft "  follows a group of dope smoking and yahoo teens heading up to a secluded lake .  after swimming to the raft in the middle of the lake ,  they get trapped on the platform because of an ominous looking creature lurking in the water .    -now this is much better ,  much better .  what starts of as your basic teens run afoul turns into a mysteriously creepy set-up that's full of tight and claustrophobic tension .  and it doesn't even cop out on the flashes of nudity or spiteful splatter .  quite morbid it is and that goes for its sense of humour too .  the surprisingly ironic ending has a beautiful touch to it .  the performances from the nobodies are acceptable without making a huge mark .  gornick's direction sticks to the nasty and rather gooey side .  while ,  the alarming music score on this occasion pressed the right chords .  the sludge-like creature in the lake  ( like many have mentioned )  looks like an icky black tarpaulin  ( yeah you're reading that right !  )  floating on the water .    # finally number three concludes with  " the hitchhiker "  .  a wealthy ,  but sexually lacking woman is on her way back home after being with her male gigolo ,  but she's is running late .  thinking of some ideas to explain for her lateness if needed ,  she skids off the road and accidentally hit's a hitchhiker .  instead of checking or getting help ,  she drives off in the hope getting home before her husband .  soon enough she's being terrorised by the mangled corpse of the dead hitchhiker .   -not awful ,  but i really didn't get into this laughably ludicrous exercise at all .  compared to the first two this one was so different in tone and tried to tickle the funny bone instead .  lois chiles was okay in the lead role ,  but that constant assuring and the little conversations she has with herself became pitifully aggravating and downright tired .  the vivid make-up effects are well-displayed and dripping with vision .  when she hit's the hitchhiker that's when it becomes hectic ,  cheesy and over-the-top in its execution .  from there onwards we endlessly hear our supposedly dead hitchhiker repeat and repeat and repeat the line ,   " thanks for the ride lady !  "  this happens every time she decides to run over him .  have a little courtesy for the dead darling .    in all ,  the second short story  " the raft "  and the unpleasantly ,  well-conceived effects is what lifts this extremely inferior sequel . 
we've all been there ,  sitting with some friends watching a bad movie ,  laughing at how terribly it was made and how poor the acting was ;  eventually the credits roll and everyone looks around and says  " how is it possible such a movie was made ?  who paid money to have this script made into a feature film ?  "  well jigsaw is not that kind of film ,  instead of asking how this garbage was budgeted you wonder why the makers were shot out of a cannon into the sun .  yes ,  jigsaw is quite possibly the worst movie ever made or conceived ,  this coming from a guy who has seen campfire stories and fever lake .  the film starts out in some kind of college class ,  what kind of class i am unsure ,  but it is imagined to be an art class .  now these dorks have been given a final project by their idiot teacher ,  five of them are given pieces of a mannequin and told to design it in any way they see fit ,  and since there are only five pieces the other students in the class receive and automatic a ,  oddly enough there are only six students in this entire class so the one goth chic gets a free a ,  good for her !  a week passes and the five students ,  plus teacher ,  plus one hillbilly husband meet in a bar to discuss their and complete their project ,  they put the pieces together ,  head ,  arms ,  legs and inform the others why they chose their specifics designs ,  now these creative geniuses used the week to their full advantage ,  one puts a saw blade in the left hand ,  the other gets a sawed off shotgun ,  the right leg gets a bunch of broken ceramic glued to it and the left some magazine clippings ,  the head is the worst getting a camera in the eye ,  ala hellraiser 3 ,  with some bottle rockets for a stylish mo-hawk .  after they have all spilled their guts about their specifics designs the now drunk teacher says they are to burn the mannequin ,  now aptly named jigsaw .  now up to this point it has been standard horrible movie fair ,  bad acting ,  dialog and everything else ,  but has still been pretty plausible ,  yet after jigsaw catches fire things take a turn for the worst .  .  . jigsaw comes alive .  .  how you ask ?  i have no idea ,  he just does because the writers couldn't think of a realistic way for two pounds worth of molded plastic to become alive  ( come on guys ,  a bolt of lighting ,  a traveling voodoo priest ,  anything could have worked .  )  so once jigsaw comes to life he uses his new abilities of walking very slow and stilted with the use of his molded fingers to wreak havoc .  first he kills the cool guy with some barb wire ,  this guy who was about to get it on with a hot chic decides drinking ground beer off in the distance is more important than what is in front of him .  with him gone jigsaw shoots the sexy girl in the face and then gives an old man a heart attack with a slight twist of his head ,  he then saws up a nasty looking southern woman and then her hillbilly husband ;  jigsaw then kills the nerdy guy with some headless deception .  did i mention jigsaw was taking body parts off his victims to make a human version of himself ?  no !  well its not important they don't even show his macabre creation ,  they don't even show him steal away a torso from his poor creators  ( maybe he was trying to create the head detective from in living color )  .  so after these five have been killed the teacher and the nerdy girl are all who is left ,  the teacher figures out that jigsaw only needs a head to finish his masterpiece ,  since he is still uninterested in that torso thing .  so being the coward he is the teacher ties up the girl as a sacrifice to jigsaw who comes in only to go for the teacher with his electric buzz saw which isn't even plugged in .  that is where the freaking movie ends ,  we don't even get to see the teacher get killed or what happens to the girl ,  let alone an explanation why jigsaw came to life or how he cleaned himself off after being burned .  this movie is so shameful it has too be seen ,  it is only 71 minutes so it is a small part of your day ;  for the memories of a lifetime ,  jigsaw ,  jigsaw ,  jigsaw .  thank you total recall !  the judge has ruled ,  watch jigsaw only if your plans of severing off your genitals seems played out . 
ok another film bought by me and joe swatman .  ok this isn't the worst film i've reviewed this week but it still sucked royaly .  we had a lot of fun watching this piece of crap .   the monster jigsaw is a mish mash of all these dysfunctional students ideas ,  u just know ur in for trouble when someone equips him with a buzzsaw and a sawed of shotgun ,  the film wasn't as gory as we hoped ,  i mean on of the deaths is a heart attack .  again i think the acting sucks ,  sum of the actors must be porn stars and one get into her undies for what ever reason .    the absolute worst part is the ending ,  it leaves it open for a bit of a jigsaw 2 but thats never gunna happen lets face it .   my ratings :   funny 4/100 mock  ( how much fun we had mocking it )  73/100 acting 8/100 generally 12/100
whether you want to spend nearly 2 hours of your life watching this depends how you like your horror movies .  if you like them so god damn awful they're hysterical ,  watch away .  jigsaw is without a doubt the worst movie i've seen in my life  ( and i've seen 'long time dead' )  ,  and i say this as a fan of the low-budget horror/gore genre and having seen a good few to compare it to .  i'm not even going to go into the specifics of what makes this movie was bad as it is ,  the only good thing about it is it's so so terrible it's one of the funniest things i've seen in years .  if you can find this to rent cheap it's definitely worth watching ,  if you were involved in making it - shame on you .   : o )  imdb need to introduce a 0/10 ranking especially for this movie ,  it thoroughly deserves it . 
i am not sure who is writing these  glowing reviews for this movie but trust me it stkinks .  i have seen hundreds of horror films and slasher flicks and this one is lame it is only about 80min long and believe me that is all i could take .  plot is terrible ,  acting is even worse .  and there is no development at all .   even the david cocteau films are better than this .  run away from jigsaw  .  i expected to hate the acting ,  which can be forgiven in direct to video movies ,  if the plot is good .   this had no scares ,  very little gore ,   and a truly unattractive cast .   i watched this with three other friends  who i hope are still talking to me !   they wanted me to fling the disc out the window .  i can not believe anyone could have  given this tripe a good review . 
i've just lost 2 hours of my life watching this mindless plot .  i could make a better movie with my cellphone camera .  how do they manage to get actors to play in those movies ?  ?  porn movies have better scenarios and effects .  .  .  i wish i had those 2 hours back .  .  .   the only good thing about this movie is the cast .  even though ,  their acting skills in this one could not lift this movie to passable ,  the rest was just way too bad !    it's the type of movie that i'd recommend using to torture prisoners into scaring them straight .   even worse ,  i saw a translated version of this flick .  .  . imagine ,  a bad movie .  .  . with an even worst translation .  .  . yikes ! 
i love b movies .  . but come on .  .  .  . this wasn't even worth a grade .  .  . the ending was dumb .  .  . b/c there was no real ending !  !  !  .  . not to mention that it comes to life on its own .  .  . i mean no lighting storm or crazy demonic powers ?  ?  slow as hell and then they just start killing off the characters one by one in like a 15 min time period .  .  . and i won't even start on the part of the thing killing the one guy without its head .  .  .  . and then you don't even get to see what jigsaw even does with his so called  " new jigsaw puzzle "  .  .  .  . unless you have nothing better to do .  .  . id watch paint dry before id recommend this god-forsaken movie to anyone else .  .  . oh and to make it even better the other movie totem you can see the guy throwing the one creature in the basement scene from the window .  . that was funny as hell and probably the only good part of watching that waste of film
i go to a lot of movies ,  often i bring my 5 year old son ,  i am so glad i did not bring him to this one .  there are many references to sex and a skinny dipping scene ,  however ,  that is not the primary reason i would not take him to it .  the trailers lead you to believe it is a light-hearted comedy ;  nevertheless ,  virtually all of the funny moments are in the previews .  i kept waiting for it to get interesting ,  funny ,  or anything but serious ;  however ,  i nearly fell asleep as the plot-less story dragged on .  i understand that dogs can be great company ,  that being said ,  the entire story focused on a poorly behaving dog that the owners were not savvy enough to train .  if a human caused this much damage and mayhem that person would be banned .  the worst movie i've ever seen with jenifer aniston or owen wilson ,  a waste of their talent .  the best way to sum up this movie is ,  couple gets unruly dog ,  couple falls in love with dog ,  dog dies ,  couple sad .  the end . 
it's interesting at first .  a naive park ranger  ( colin firth )  marries a pretty ,  mysterious woman  ( lisa zane )  he's only known for a short time .  they seem to be happy ,  then she disappears without warning .  he searches for her and ,  after a few dead ends ,  stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past ,  which may include criminal activity .  and then ,  it seems the filmmakers didn't know what to do with the story .  the beginning ,  while not as suspenseful as it sounds ,  is at least watchable .  then it ceases to be interesting or even make much sense .  and the ending is so lame ,  so dull ,  and so devoid of any excitement or intelligence ,  you'll think the screenwriters didn't know what to do with it and got bored trying .  what a sorry waste of a good idea ! 
as i sat in front of the tv watching this movie ,  i thought ,   " oh ,  what alfred hitchcock ,  or even brian depalma ,  could have done with this !  "  chances are ,  you will too .  it does start out intrigueing .  a british park ranger living in los angeles  ( collin firth )  marries a pretty ,  demure brunette woman  ( lisa zane )  whom he met in a park only a short time ago .  then ,  one day she dissappears .  the police are unable to find any documentation that she ever existed ,  and firth conducts his own search .  so far ,  so good .  just as he's about to give up ,  he turns to his womanizing best friend  ( billy zane )  ,  and they stumble onto her former life in l . a . 's sordid underground of drugs ,  nightclubs ,  and ametuer filmmaking ,  and then to her history of mental instability .  at that point ,  firth's life is in danger ,  and the film falls apart .  none of the characters from lisa zane's past are remotely interesting .  the film moves slowly ,  and there's very little action .  there is a subplot regarding missing drug money ,  but it's just a throwaway .  no chases ,  no cliffhanging sequences ,  and no suspense .  just some dull beatings and a lot of chat by boring characters .  one thing worth noting ,  lisa zane and billy zane are brother and sister ,  but they never appear in a scene together .  by the end of the movie ,  you're torn between wondering what might have been and trying to stay awake . 
you believe in god or you don't .  you believe in jesus or you don't .  you believe he is the son of god or you don't .  the choice is up to you .   director denys arcand has really done everything he could to bring back jesus to a mere historic figure ,  social worker ,  son of two humans ,  instead of the son of god the holy spirit and mary ,  who opened heaven again for us .  encouraging the big bang ,  a world come from evolution ,  instead of seeing the beauty of creation .  the film depicts a theologian bringing some  " modern findings "  to the actor who plays jesus in the passion play ,  who happily incorporates them in his play .   the depicted priest who runs the sanctuary where the passion play is performed in montreal has a sexual relation with one of the female players of the passion play instead of showing his love for god through celibacy .  more often than not the director's abhorrence of the church is clearly visible .   the director has tried to make a parallel between jesus' life and the passion play actor's life .  this is an admirable attempt ,  but depicting the resurrection with the transplantation of the passion play actor's organs in other bodies signifies how the director thinks about jesus .   my opinion is not important ,  god's opinion is ,  but i wouldn't want to stand in the shoes of the director and actors when standing before jesus' throne . 
well ,  jesus of montreal is basically an intelligent movie .  the actors are indeed good and the technical side of the movie is okay .  but ,  although i was very interested in the topic and like to think and discuss about religion  ( i am an atheist )  ,  it was hard to force myself to watch the movie to the bitter and in my opinion somehow unconsciously funny end .  why is this movie so incredibly boring ?  i don't know .  it just is and so it is not recommendable . 
this film really disappointed me .  the acting is atrocious .  unbelievable .  and it's about actors .  the story is incredibly obvious :  a group of independent actors stage a passion play and ,  in turn ,  they start to live out the lives of the characters they play .  i've been watching a lot of movies lately ,  thanks to netflix ,  and this is the first one i haven't watched all the way through in a long time .  i felt i didn't need to see the end ;  we all know the end of this story .   for some ,  it seems ,  this  " modernization "  of the gospels is either sacrilegious or enlightening .  i cannot speak to any of this as i wasn't raised in the christian church .  that being said ,  i was raised in the us and i live in an increasingly christian culture .  i'm curious enough about jesus and about the modernization of the religion ,  for better or worse .  i haven't seen mel gibson's version ,  but i'm guessing that those who liked that one will like this ,  except for the most conservative .  i just wish this was a better film .   lots of these reviews praise arcand's direction and especially the cinematography .  i liked neither .  the film itself is rather prudish and preachy .  i didn't believe the characters' personae and i was never involved with their on screen lives .  the play within the play is very much dated and would not ,  i think ,  carry it's own weight in a real time production .  but that's beside the point .  what i really needed for this to work would have been stronger development of the characters and the plot to support the philosophical and theological questions the film would like to be about .  and the musical choices are obvious and unoriginal .   there were two examples of this that come easily to mind .  firstly ,  there is a reenactment of the parable of jesus driving the money lenders from the temple :  the lead actor ,  who has fallen for the woman who will play magdalene and who is also a model and dancer ,  becomes enraged that she must debase herself by auditioning for a commercial  ( with a wicked producer and plenty of panting men in the audience )  with her pants off .  he trashes the place and chases them all out .  i guess this is the level that the film wishes to reach .  the romance between these two is entirely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized and the scene is played out like a high-school rendering of death of a salesman ,  i . e .  ,  not well .  please stop hitting me over the head with this high-handed  " significance .  "  the other is the relationship between the other female lead and the priest who has asked them to do the play and who ,  eventually ,  turns against them and betrays them to the nowadays-corrupt church .  why .  why does she sleep with this guy .   " it brings him so much pleasure and me so little pain .  "  ah ,  the saintly whore and the lovable old coot .  it seems to be just enough for arcand to signify but not worth the trouble to enrich and enliven these characters .  they are going through the motions and i'm reaching for the eject button .   feel free to write me off as bored ,  jaded or just not interested .  feel free to watch this movie and see the passion ,  in all its beauty ,  sadness and inspiration ,  delivered as an amateurish and gimmicky charade .  feel free to have all your preconceived ideas affirmed and see any shred of artistic integrity forsaken for monotonous drivel .  but don't say i didn't warn you . 
this film was slow but tedious and the acting often drifted into the land of ham .  redgrave's character was unappealing as the 60 something woman trying to compete with thurman's 20 something for the love of fox's character  ( why is beyond me )  .  the title of the movie should have been  " shallow people on the lake "  .  the actors played like they were in a rehearsal .  a dreadfully predictable ending to boot .  i can't believe this is on this website as a comedy ! 
this service comedy ,  for which peter marshall  ( joanne dru's brother and later perennial host of the hollywood squares )  and tommy noonan were hyped as 'the new lewis and martin' is just shy of dreadful :  a few random sight gags are inserted ,  everyone talks fast and nothing works quite right -- there's one scene in which noonan is throwing grenades at officers and politicians in anger ;  they're about five feet apart ,  noonan is throwing them in between ,  and the total reaction is that everyone flinches .   in the midst of an awfulness relieved only by the fetching julie newmar ,  there are a few moments of brightness :  marshall and noonan engage in occasional bouts of double talk and argufying ,  and their timing is nigh unto perfect -- clearly they were a well honed comedy pair .   it isn't enough to save this turkey ,  alas . 
the rookie suffers from so much .  there are the random musical songs interspersed through the movie ,  the long pointless script and enough grating slapstick to make jerry lewis blush .  noonan and leavitt just don't know when to quit .  it takes a full hour before the story finally gets to the main plot and the characters are shipwrecked .  then the guys start playing japanese sailors with the standard racist caricature of the day .  it is a shame the funniest parts of the movie are when noonan and leavitt are playing the stupid ,  stereotyped japanese guys .  but ,  it gets pretty tiring after switching back and forth between two sets of characters .  then it just abruptly ends .  even a naked julie newmar in a towel can't save this one .   there is really little charm in the movie and it is over a half hour too long .  the story just flounders along trying to set up funny situations and failing .  stick to martin & lewis .  at least deano had charm and jerry had that animated face . 
ok ,  the movie is good but i give it a 1 because the idea of a computer virus becoming an organic virus is pure fairy tale .  this kind of crap just adds to those uncomputer savvy moron's paranoid delusions that a computer virus is exactly like an organic virus .  first of all ,  strings of code and dozens of 1s and 0s add up to computer virus .  an organic virus is much more complex ,  even though it's way tinier .  though ,  it's considered one of the simplest forms in the universe ,  organic virus's attach burrow into your cells and attach themselves to the rna ,  then change your own rna code .  explain to me how something like that could be processed from a monitor ?  maybe the radiation has some effect on the user's cornea that turns your eyeballs into these viruses ?  i could see that ,  but obviously ,  the writer didn't think of that . 
it's hard to tell if noonan and marshall are trying to ape abbott & costello ,  martin & lewis ,  curley & larry ,  or some other comedy team ,  but whoever it was they were trying to imitate ,  they failed miserably .  there's barely one weak laugh in this whole incredibly stupid picture .  noonan  ( who helped write the alleged  " script "  )  and marshall have no chemistry whatsoever ;  marshall seems to be trying for a dean martin type of devil-may-care coolness ,  but he doesn't come even remotely close .  god knows what noonan thought he was doing ,  but being funny sure wasn't it .  he seems to think that flapping his arms and legs a lot and staring dumbly at everyone and everything is the height of screen comedy ;  maybe for him it is ,  but not for the audience .  i remember seeing this in the theaters when it came out .  it was on the bottom of a double bill with a three-year-old jeff chandler western  (  " pillars of the sky ,  "  which was pretty good )  and a three stooges short  (  " sappy bullfighters "  ,  which wasn't )  ,  and about 20 minutes into this thing all the kids in the audience were throwing stuff at the screen ;  it was so staggeringly unfunny that it didn't even measure up to the worst of the three stooges shorts .  i stayed around for the end of it  ( not that i wanted to ,  but my folks weren't due to pick me up until after the movie ended )  ,  and by the time this mess was over ,  i was the only one in the theater .  i saw it again about 15 or so years ago on cable one night ,  and stuck around to watch it to see if it was as bad as i remembered .  it was worse .  the only thing it had going for it was julie newmar ,  who was as smokingly hot as ever ;  other than her ,  this thing has absolutely nothing to recommend it .  the two of them also play japanese soldiers ,  and the way they do it makes jerry lewis' infamous playing of japanese characters as thick-lensed ,  buck-toothed ,  gibbering mental defectives look benign by comparison .  marshall went on to host  " hollywood squares ,  "  and noonan kept trying his hand at making movies ,  but most of them were almost as bad as this .  not quite ,  though ,  as i don't think anything could be quite as bad as this .  a truly pathetic waste of film .  don't waste your time on it . 
in sum ,  overlong and filled with more subplots than swiss cheese has holes !  the director and co-writer says he wanted to mix genres - in this case drama and comedy .  well ,  at least here ,  these two mix like vinegar and oil .  to boot ,  the comedy is not very funny and juvenile .  additionally ,  the film is not really realistic .  liberties are taken regarding the legal system in committing french citizens against their will and the apparent ease of absconding with drugs in french hospitals .  i watched this film on my big screen tv at home and found myself shouting at the film to move on .  eventually toward the end i fast forwarded the final long speech one of the main characters makes to his ex-lover's son .  by that time i was worn out by the preposterous confused plot that deals with a dead lover ,  marriage of convenience and a nutty ex-lover .  at times the plot diverts to the families of the two main characters and then reverts back to one of them - either ismael or primarily nora .  to the detriment of the audience ,  viewpoints keep changing from nora and ismael ,  her ex-lover confined against his will in a psychiatric hospital .  there probably are two potentially interesting films here neither of which are well developed .  the epilogue does not really wrap up many of the sub-plots and seems to want the viewer to believe nora somehow will find happiness although given her circumstances in real life the chances are equivalent to a snow ball's chance in hell .  the actors do their best and are appealing ,  but this is not enough to overcome all the glaring faults of poor writing ,  editing and lack of focus . 
too many secondary plot lines without a primary one .  too many hot buttons are pushed without any reason ,  they managed to stuff this boring film ,  that does not say anything ,  with every drama element that is out there :  death ,  divorce ,  money issues ,  parenting problems ,  suicide ,  psychological problems ,  drug abuse ,  adoption ,  rejected love ,  traveling problems ,  sex ,  generations misunderstandings ,  robbery ,  legal issues ,  guns ,  medical ethics ,   " deep real love "  you would think that it would make for an interesting movie ,  but hell no  all these events are secondary to something primary which is not there .  boring .  not to mention that the  " super-deep "   ( and super-long )  lecture to the child at the end of the film is a total nonsense .  pity .   oh ,  forgot to mention :  the actors ,  all of them ,  are quite good .  that's what kept me from turning it off .  to bad their talents went to waste ,  the film is well shot ,  too :  the light ,  the motion etc .  of every episode -- that's all in place .  it's just the meaning that's missing . 
 " kings and queen "  is a bloated french drama that rambles on for an interminable two hours and thirty-two minutes to no discernible point or purpose .   the film features two stories that seem unrelated at first but which eventually connect with one another about halfway through the movie .  the first centers around nora and her struggles with various men in her life ,  including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days left to live .  the other story involves a young man named ismael ,  a violinist who finds himself placed - unfairly ,  he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party .  after traveling along on separate tracks for awhile ,  these two narrative strands eventually come together when we learn that ismael is a former lover of nora's and the man she has chosen to adopt her son from an earlier ,  tragic relationship .   with a bit more focus and a considerable amount of streamlining ,   " kings and queen "  might have been a potent ,  engrossing drama about modern day relationships .  it certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power ,  and the performances are ,  for the most part ,  complex and touching .  but ,  taken as a whole ,  the film meanders and maunders to such an extent that ,  quite frankly ,  it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and to wear out its welcome early on .  even more distressing is the fact that ,  even though we spend what seems like a mild eternity in the company of these people ,  we really don't know quite what to make of any of them when the show is finally over .  for instance ,  nora's father ,  on his deathbed ,  writes a withering diatribe against his daughter's character that simply doesn't gibe with the woman we've been looking at for well over two hours .  nora is admittedly no mother theresa  ( then ,  again ,  who is ?  )  ,  but she certainly doesn't deserve the invective thrown at her by her very own father .  nora could be accused of being confused ,  indecisive ,  a bit self-absorbed at times ,  but evil enough to have her father wishing he could give her his cancer and make her die in his place ?  i don't think so .   perhaps this film is simply operating at a level of depth that i was unable to fathom .  but my suspicion is that even writer roger bohbot and co-writer/director arnaud desplechin would have trouble fully explaining their purpose here .  this is a well acted ,  pretentious bore of a film that takes the viewer on a long ,  rambling voyage through a sea of personal crises ,  a journey that leaves him no wiser or more enlightened at the end than he was at the beginning . 
 " rois et reine "  is a sprawling mess of a movie which will probably irritate as many viewers as it delights .  it focuses by turns on ex-lovers nora  ( emanuelle devos ) and ismael  ( mathieu amalric )  as they each confront a major crisis in their now separate lives .  while nora's story is played straight and is sombre in tone ,  ismael's is played mainly for laughs ,  although it's not particularly funny .  nora's crisis is triggered by the terminal illness of her father louis  ( maurice garrel )  ,  and ismael's by his sudden incarceration in a mental hospital at the instigation of a mysterious third party .  ismael and louis are just two of the males who have shaped nora's life ,  and in turn have been shaped by her ,  the most notable others being her now deceased first lover pierre and their young son elias .  as events past and present are played out for the audience ,  and the ex-lovers become involved in each other's lives once more ,  it gradually emerges that nora's personal take on her life story may be less reliable than first meets the eye .   cult director arnaud desplechin has fashioned a considerable oddity here ,  one which has garnered major plaudits in france .  he wilfully eschews established narrative convention and develops the movie via a series of dramatic shifts in mood and tone .  had this approach been founded on a coherent unifying core idea or theme it might have worked ,  but it's not clear in the end what exactly desplechin's film is actually about .  heavy-handed allusions to greek mythology and freudian theory are evidently freighted with meaning but ,  at least for this unschooled movie-goer ,  remain less than helpful in illuminating and interpreting the lives of the characters .  at other times the treatment lapses into kitsch but the use of the anodyne  " moon river "  as the film's theme tune suggests this is probably deliberate .   **spoiler alert** i suspect a major theme of the movie is the not very original observation that how we see ourselves can differ radically from how others see us or even how we think others see us .  this idea is most obviously represented in the film by the violent death of pierre and the revelation contained in louis' secret diary ,  but unfortunately both events seem entirely disconnected from what has otherwise been revealed to the audience of pierre and louis' respective relationships with nora .  this seems a cheat on desplechin's part ,  as if he is thrusting the idea upon us in unmediated form rather than illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative .  one or two darkly surreal touches imply the presence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of persons stripped frighteningly bare ,  but again these are felt more as pretentious intrusions of film-making technique rather than eruptions from a deeper reservoir of truth inherent in the story .  in fact ,  for all its heavy-handed hints at depth ,  the characters are curiously undeveloped and unnuanced ,  as if they function more as ciphers for their creator's many ideas about people rather than as real people in their own right .  much of the detail of their lives seems arbitrarily applied rather than organic .  for example ,  ismael ,  as we are constantly reminded ,  is a viola player ,  but more than two hours pass before we actually see or hear him play ,  and the effect of his chosen instrument or profession upon his personality is never elaborated .  hence ,  he may just as well be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist .    amalric brings a certain manic charm to the unhinged but ultimately sane ismael ,  but i found devos cloying and monotone  ( which may be intentional ,  however )  as the elusive nora .  meanwhile jean-paul roussillon as ismael's father ,  elsa wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and magalie woch as the psychically wounded but defiant sinologist he befriends in hospital make the biggest impact amongst the supporting actors .  catherine deneuve's in it ,  too ,  though her role is little more than a self-referential cameo .   ultimately ,   " rois et reine "  is very much an acquired taste .  should it fail to push your buttons ,  it's very likely that desplechin's undisciplined and florid approach will frustrate and exasperate even as you somehow keep watching . 
i'm sure this was one of those  " woah !  "  attractions in 1982 when epcot opened ,  but now it's just silly .  the film's message is cliché .  the circle-vision is disorienting .  and that awful song at the end is grating .  and i really wish they'd install seats .  after so much walking ,  all you want to do is sit down for a few minutes .  and when you hear there's a film to see it sounds pretty glamorous !  you get entertained while sitting down ,  right ?  wrong !  you're standing there for 18+ minutes leaning against a short little railing .  disney should make a newer maelstrom like attraction to liven things up and replace this dull ,  lackluster film .  not fun .  skip it .  in fact ,  skip canada altogether unless you're eating there .  move directly to the united kingdom . 
anita and me seems to be little more than an excuse for meera syal ,  the author of the novel and screenplay ,  to air her prejudices ,  grievances and general antipathy towards the english .  the general sentiment of indian superiority over the english in this film is foul .   the english people in this film are portrayed as overweight ,  violent ,  foul-mouthed ,  promiscuous ,  engaging in child neglect ,  stupid ,  uneducated ,  racist ,  ugly ,  eating poor food ,  and dim-witted -- tellingly ,  only by turning to indian culture can the local priest be  " redeemed "  at the end of the film .   by contrast ,  the indian family are beautiful ,  clever ,  educated ,  can speak many languages ,  are caring and loving parents ,  and grammar-school fodder .  the film is so insidiously prejudicial that i am astonished the bbc funded it at all .  had it been the other way round ,  an english family in an indian community depicted this way ,  the film would have been seen as racist .   there were a few moments where my eyebrow shot so far up my forehead ,  i thought it would lodge in my hairline .  first ,  the gossip scene between the women at the divali celebration -- undertext :  the english are dirty and promiscuous -- and the men -- undertext :  english women are prostitutes .  second ,  the meal with anita where neema's family lie to her about cutlery -- undertext :  the english are so stupid ,  you can make them do anything .   but the underlying contempt towards anything english -- even english weddings are an object of scorn -- is evident all the way through the film .  the character of anita was drawn so appallingly -- almost the fallen woman trope -- that i finished the film feeling angry .   this is not a  " bend it like beckham "  where the humour is focused on loving exaggerations of a community's behaviour and customs from somebody within that community ,  and is a film about two girls from different backgrounds coming together .  instead ,  anita and me seems to convey that a form of cultural apartheid is inevitable ,  as the english are almost an version of the indian untouchable caste ,  and this is underscored by a thinly-veiled series of attacks upon the film's  " other "  community :  the english .   i felt anita and me is a hate-filled ,  grievance-based piece of work .  on that basis ,  the bbc should not have funded its production . 
i had high expectations following  " my beautiful laundrette "  ,   " bend it like beckham "  and  ( less so )   " east is east "  .  the histories of british asians fitting into their adopted home has had many good runs on the big screen ,  as well as a number of excellent tv and radio series  ( goodness gracious me ,  etc )  .  this one falls flat .  inspite of a good start it rapidly went down hill .   ultimately this was a horribly typical bbc effort ,  complete with strong regional accents ,  whacky over-acting characters ,  a  " those were the days "  soundtrack ,  and lots of  " issues "  in an attempt to be worthy .   i found myself cringing at many points during this film .  the writing is predictable .  every possible cliche was dragged out and aired .  in fact ,  i have trouble thinking of any cross-cultural/cross-generational devices that could have been used that weren't .  the characters were thin and cliched :  the eccentric non-conformist minister ;  the well meaning but ultimately racist old woman ;  the over weight ,  overbearing aunt ;  the pushy indian parents ;  the working class neighbour ;  the 'wise' profound grandmother ;  the motorbike riding thug .  the script was weak ,  with every chance to shock the audience with overt racist dialogue from the two dimentional racist white characters taken .  and why it had to be set in the 70's  ( apart from needing an excuse for a 70's soundtrack )  is a mystery .  possibly it make unbelievable characters slightly more believable to people born after 1979 .  i don't know .   even these things aside ,  good acting could have carried this into respectable obscurity .  instead ,  the usual  " bbc comedy "  suspects were wheeled out to ham it up .   " bend it like beckham "  had far better comic acting  ( and serious acting ,  in fact )  than this ,  with a virtually unknown cast .   in summary ,  a lazy cliched script ,  over acted ,  in a dull predictable story .  give it a miss .   
'anita and me' is a drama about growing up in multi-ethnic britain ,  rather like 'bend it like beckham' ,  or more closely ,  'east is east' ,  with which it shares a 1970s setting .  the tone is resolutely chirpy  ( in spite of the dour black country accents )  ,  but the film lacks 'east is east's vigour and the result seems rather thin and trite .  moreover ,  the portrayal of the film's central relationship ,  between an asian girl and her white friend ,  is insufficiently deep to justify the way that the movie is structured around it .  i have also grown tired of films where the hero years to be a writer ,  this is naturally often something that real writers have experienced ,  but hardly a fresh element in a fictional story .  'east is east' was fun and sharp ;  'anita and me' seems obvious and dull in comparison . 
paint by numbers story and mediocre acting saved by some authentic color - and a few moments that are really wonderful and deeply felt .  it does effectively capture the delicate transition of a girl into adulthood ,  and deals very sensitively and inventively with the cultural conflict the main family experiences .   unfortunately this germ of a good movie is imprisoned in an aimless and extremely convoluted plot that manages to incorporate religious strife ,  a conflict over a road construction project ,  the sex life of secondary and even tertiary characters ,  a mysterious man who lives in the woods ,  a bunch of racist hooligans ,  at least three different carnivals ,  the intricacies of local church politics ,  and on and on and on .  and all of that doesn't even include the actual central plot ,  which is only about the hopes ,  dreams ,  and frustrations of two girls  ( and their entire families )  at the turning point of their lives .  i was actually shocked when i realized the whole thing was supposed to take place over the course of one summer  ( and that so much movie got accomplished in 1 . 5 hours !  )    ultimately the movie is melodramatic ,  every plot point is predictable ,  major life altering events happen and then are forgotten about 10 minutes later .  .  . and some of those events are extremely distasteful .  most shockingly the fact that one of the characters is involved in a horrible crime  ( in a totally predictable  " twist "  )  and then is completely forgiven and the entire incident forgotten about from then on .  similarly ,  a secondary character is introduced solely to die a couple minutes later and provide another  " twist .  "  it's all totally mechanical ,  right up to the ending that neatly ties up all the loose ends  ( well not all of them ,  just the ones the movie thinks you care about .  ) 
i remember seeing this movie a long time ago on television .  i remember the premise of the movie being about a bunch of hotel occupants being attacked by man-eating ants .  what i didn't remember was how awful it was !  !  !   i recently caught this movie on television late at night .  i'm sure it must have been a mistake because movies like this usually disappear from existance and are never to be found again !  suzanne somers  ( at the pinnacle of her career playing chrissy on 'three's company' )  plays a vacationer at lakewood manor .  constructions workers are installing a swimming pool outside and accidentally disturb an ants' nest .  or should i say ,  a *man-eating ants' nest* !  !  one of the workers actually gets attacked by the ants .  one minute he's picking them off his clothes one by one ,  the next minute he's covered in them .  the next scene shows a skeleton in the dirt .   if you thought that was pretty far-fetched ,  you should see myrna loy playing a wheel-chair bound resident who gets airlifted out of the manor via helicopter !  i could almost picture her thinking in relief that she was getting airlifted out of the movie !   the final scenes depict suzanne ,  robert foxworth and a third guy sitting on the floor of a hotel room with their backs to each other ,  blowing through straws and covered in ants .   that's basically the movie .  there's really no  " disaster "  appeal or  " big-star "  draw to the film .  it was intended to be a 'grand-scale' television event at the time .  now ,  it's lucky if it gets dumped in a 4 : 00am timeslot on your local television station .   if you want to catch suzanne somers at her best ,  then watch an episode of three's company .  if you want to see myrna loy doing anything to put bread on the table and pay the bills ,  then watch this movie .   0/10
in some ways ,  the concept behind the storyline was a rather interesting blend of several typical movie types in an interesting combination .  however ,  no point in this movie was so obvious that it did not deserve lingering close-up shots .  i felt as though i had been beat over the head with the so-called mysterious explanation for the disease killing people .   the writer appears to have simply lifted clichés from other movies as a substitute for writing lines adapted to actual characters .  the actors did not help matters .  no chemistry .  i guess they were supposed to develop some kind of attraction if only for the reason that such is an essential element of these stories .  however ,  the writers didn't work very hard to develop the chemistry .  sure ,  they're both attractive ,  but whether they're attractive to each other seemed to be an open question .   the confidence turner's character shows in sabato's developed far too quickly and for no particular reason .  sabato's character is supposed to be a discredited doctor who just can't seem to play by the rules .  think of the jeff goldblum character in  " independence day .  "  usually ,  that kind of character is supposed to demonstrate some kind of talent or brilliance .  sabato's character does not .  he's cassandra with just the crazy and all the prophetic skills of a magic eight ball .  he appears to be right by random chance .   the death scenes are comical .  every actor was really trying more than a little to hard to demonstrate the agony inflicted on them .  the symptoms looked like bad claymation ,  sort of like that video from the 80s ,  peter gabriel ,  i think . 
this is another one of those 'humans vs insects/eco-horror' features ;  a theme that was popular in the late 70's .  only you can't really call it horror .  there's zero suspense and no gruesome events .  in other words :  this movie is pretty lame .  it's not that it's really bad or something ;  it's just very boring .  a construction site near a hotel uncovers a big nest of ants .  later on we learn that ,  probably due to different sorts of pesticides used in the past ,  their bite became poisonous .  some people get bitten and rushed to the hospital and it takes ages for the residents of the hospital to figure out what's going on .  robert foxworth figures it out first and then you can see him go berserk with a digging machine for what seems like several hours .  then they flee in the house ,  waiting to get rescued .  and ,  man ,  you should see all the efforts they make for rescuing them .  i won't spoil too much ,  but at one point they even use a big helicopter .  all the time when i was watching this ,  i sat there thinking  " come on ,  people ,  you all got shoes on .  just run out of the building .  i'm sure a bunch of ants won't catch up with you .  "  it's all pretty ridiculous .   of course ,  lots of close-ups of crawling ants are shown throughout the whole movie .  ants in the garden .  ants in the garbage .  ants in the kitchen .  ants on the roof .  ants in the bedroom .  ants in the sink .  and the best part :  ants crawling on people's faces while the actors are breathing through straws .  but when you see groups of ants in wider shots ,  they indeed look like black rice the set designers glued to the wall .   one small surprise came near the end .  no ,  it has nothing to do with a twist in the plot .  it was just that brian dennehy made an appearance as a chief-fireman .  ehrr .  .  .  what more can i say ?  this movie is called it happened at lakewood manor but the box-art of my copy read ants and the title during the opening credits was panic at lakewood manor .  there you have it .  now ,  since this is a made-for-tv movie from the 70's ,  i'll be once again extremely mild in my final rating .  now ,  the savage bees ,  another 'humans vs insects' tv-movie from 1976 was much better than this one .  i even feel i have to go back and add a few points to its rating after having seen ants .  lacking suspense ,  action ,  thrills ,  shocks and creepiness ,  the only thing you'll be left with after seeing ants is an annoying itch . 
a pretty worthless made for television movie that pretty much follows the killer insect script .  ants mysteriously turn into killer ants near a hotel .  i think it is from the hotel food because the sewage from the hotel kitchen drains directly into the ant bed .  there is a lack of suspense in this film and it is not scary either .  watching a bunch of ants sting their victims is not very terrifying .   spoilers section the stupidity of the hero is near incredible .  he is told that the health inspector that the ants could not be the hero .  it has to be a mysterious virus .  after the inspector says this ,  the hero takes his bulldozer and wrecks the huge ant colony .  this disturbs the millions of ants and traps the people in the hotel .   end spoilers overall ,  this movie is extremely lame .  i don't understand why it got a dvd release when so many deserving movies have none .  my only guess for the dvd release is that suzanne summers is featured in the film .  this is a movie to avoid . 
i remember watching this movie when i was young ,  but could not recall the title to it then going through horror movies i find it and think to myself  " that is the title ?  "  this movie is a kind of combination disaster film/insect attack film with fewer notable stars in it .  it is also somewhat boring too ,  as it has that television vibe to it where you can see the movie fade out for commercials and such .  the plot has this sort of resort being invaded by ants .  i think they were a bit disturbed by construction or something going on nearby ,  but do not quote me on that .  the most memorable ant attack for me in the whole flick was the first one involving the kid who falls into the swimming pool after being swarmed and of course summers attack scene too .  what else stands out in this one is the very goofy ending where the survivors use cardboard tubes to breath through .  in the end though like most television movies this movie is very tame and not very scary in the least unless you panic at the sight of ants . 
is there a book titled  " how to make a movie with every 'man vs .  nature' cliché imaginable "  ?  if not ,  ants would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insects .  ants doesn't have one shred of originality to be found at any point of its 100 minute runtime .  i suppose the most surprising thing about ants is that they actually stretched the film to 100 minutes .  the set-up ,  the characters ,  the various sub-plots ,  the death scenes ,  and the way the ants are presented have been done before any number of times  and in most cases ,  much better .  it's amazing that so many of these insects on a rampage films were made in the 70s because they're all basically the same movie .   and can someone please tell me what in god's name myrna loy is doing in this monkey-turd of a movie ?  a woman as talented and classy as loy deserved better than ants as one of her final movies . 
even for a tired movie model as the nature vs .  man cycle that prevailed so predominantly in the 1970s ,  ants falls miserably short of being even somewhat effective ( though entertaining for reasons it was not intending )  .  it is sooooo preposterous .  apparently these ants that are bulldozed near an inn have been eating poisonous waste for decades and have now adapted by emitting poisonous bites - hundreds of these bites being fatal .  watching actors of some notoriety clumsily fall amidst tiny black specks is painfully funny in a not-so-good-but very-bad way .  so many scenes just look ludicrous :  a boy trying to fall in a dumpster whilst being attacked ,  suzanne sommers crying out in horror while lounging in bed ,  robert foxworth and lynda george breathing through pieces of wallpaper ,  bernie casey faking a gam leg ,  and the list goes on and on .  the peril shown ranges from ants crawling from a drain to black lines of ants all over the walls .  the cast for the film is not bad on paper ,  but none of these actors seem to believe in the material .  poor myrna loy has to sit in a wheelchair through this horror .  i hope she found a good use for the money ,  for it is obvious that was the only reason a woman of her pedigree would be in this nonsense .  although it is quite a bad film ,  it is watchable - once for me ,  and does have many of those seventies bad film qualities - start-studded actors embarrassing themselves ,  that made-for-tv feel ,  and the dreaded creatures of nature reeking vengeance on man .  this time man must push his hand into a pile of ants to be affected .  really quite dreadful . 
not only was he invariably annoying to listen to ,  but he had no jokes .  i swear ,  some fobby asian guy telling yo momma jokes would've been funnier than leary's crap .   ( well ,  maybe funny for a couple minutes but at least i'll be able to laugh at least once !  )  leary claimed he stopped taking drugs during one of his  " jokes "  .  .  .  apparently he was still high on something ;  he was just some crackhead imprecating rants mostly drug related .  one of his jokes was something like ,  'i wouldn't use crack ,  especially having the same name as between my ass' - oh man ,  how did he come up with that one ?  !  i swear the only guy that needs to shut the f**k up is denis leary .  thank god i didn't have to see him live .  this guy totally sucks .   if you're easily amused by swearing ,  and  " jokes "  where you can come up with yourself ,  then waste your time with this junk . 
this by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life .  i gave up to watch it after an hour and regretted that hour a lot .  the acting is horrible and there is almost no plot .  my guess is that someone came up with a strange shape of an animal and started to make a story around of it .  borrowing some ideas from movies like resident evil and aliens doesn't result in a movie like them .  if this going to be a top korean movie ,  i'd rather won't bother to see even a korean movie trailer .  .  .   by the way ,  this movies is a good reason to believe that not necessarily a high rating means the movie is promising .  i think every korean who has internet for online gaming rated this movie over the 8 ,  even though has no clue what it is about . 
i already know that critics and some audiences say that it was a satire ,  there were numerous political and social messages ,  the names make refer to some other names etc .  it might be .  i cannot realize such things  ( i don't want to do anyway )  because i am not interested in ,  i am interested in 'cinema' .  as for the movie itself ,  again it is said that the movie is clever and dramatically powerful .  i could not see anything which we don't see in monster movies except the scene which takes place in a office in the second half .  yes ,  that scene says somethings about humanity ,  but it does not make the movie brilliant .  the movie is entertaining  ( mildly )  and exciting in some moments or scenes ,  but no more than that .  as for the biggest flaw of the movie ,  it is visual effects .  it was just shocking ,  i could not pull myself together for a while ,  because i had expected a realistic monster ,  because it is not one of the old gojira movies ,  it was made in 2006 ,  but it was not .  it is like if you don't believe that there is a monster ,  you cannot care about .  if you agree with me about this ,  i highly recommend you cloverfield that is extremely realistic .  the design of the monster is not interesting ,  but at least planned ,  there is an effort .  dramatically powerful critique .  some critics talk about it as if it is a kurosawa movie .  yes ,  it is rather a drama than a thriller or action ,  but it should not mean that it is dramatically powerful .  i don't want to compare the host with other monster movies ,  but i try to mean that the host does not do something that other monster movies do not do .  by the way ,  may be some people call the movie masterpiece because of their sympathy for asian cinema .  yes ,  i like asian cinema too ,  but this is the fact . 
monster - he was great ;  i loved the special-effects which created this monster which looked like an updated version of  " the creature from the black lagoon .  "  the scenes with this beast roaming the land and capturing people ranged from good to jaw-dropping .   social commentary :  much of the story takes place in the quarantine area as the doctors  ( under orders from the government )  state that sars-like disease is out there .  in a nutshell ,  we get the familiar government cover-up story .  you know ,  i expect this liberal paranoid mindset with hollywood films always painting our government as corrupt ,  but it looks like the koreans are copying the format ,  and it's very tedious .  in here ,  it takes away from the excitement and suspense of this  " monster .  "  it just drags the film down .  the main family featured in the film has to watch from a distance while the young girl in their family ,  presumed dead ,  was hauled off by the creature .   moral :  a typical  " don't pollute the water "  message because this is what can happen - a horrible mutated monster .  this used to be the anti-nuclear bomb message from the 1950 when radiation caused giants ants ,  spiders ,  fish or whatever in those schlocky sci-fi films .  now its  " environmental issues "  that are the focus .   the humor this was mostly stupid .  i normally laugh at slapstick but this wasn't funny .  i don't know if the korean sense of humor is that pitiful ,  or the film was purposely trying to be ultra-corny with a take on the old  " godzilla "  movies .  let's hope it's the latter .   transfer - the video transfer was good .  this was a sharp-looking picture and sound was decent with a lot rear-speaker crowd noise .  i watched this in korean with the english subtitles .  that might have been a mistake as the korean guttural voice sounds got annoying after a half hour .   overall - this had a promise but turned out to be a big letdown and even boring in too many spots ,  which is inexcusable for a modern-day monster film .  two hours was way too long for this story .  how this film drew record crowds in korea i don't know .  they must not have much in the way of films to enjoy and support . 
what a terrible movie .  rotten tomatoes had a good rating for this too .  don't be fooled by the positive comments ;  it wasn't scary .  it wasn't funny .  it wasn't clever .  it won't even hold your attention .  i just wasted 2 hours of my life viewing this crap-fest .  the computer generated monster was interesting to see the first couple times .  after about 15 minutes it no longer entertained .  the dialogue was terrible ,  must be a translation thing .  another negative that stood out was the idiot americans .  3 were portrayed and they were all lacking character ,  intelligence and judgment .  now i will write a couple of lines to pad this since we have to have 10 .  the employees at the video store should have slapped me for bringing this title to the counter . 
actually ,  this flick ,  made in 1999 ,  has pretty good production values .  the actors are attractive ,  and reasonably talented .  there aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away ,  expending hundreds of rounds ,  but never hitting flesh .  nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed .   the interiors look respectably modern ,  architecturally ,  and the equipment looks up to snuff .  well ,  there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab .  and the pancake make-up on the corpses cracked me up .  not pancake make-up in the conventional sense ,  but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin .  this is supposed to support the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the student  ( viewer )  .   ah yes ,  the virus .  i would like to tell you that this is not the absolute worst premise for a sci-fi ,  horror flick i know of ,  but i can't .  a computer virus that is transmitted via a television  ( or computer monitor )  screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen ?  gimme a break .  warp drives a la  " star trek "  are one thing ,  but photons becoming viruses ?  this is so silly the desired  " fright factor "  just isn't realizable .  the flick could have used one of those awful dream sequences where the dead come alive ,  or have a cat jump out of the closet ,  or something ,  because the viral thingamajig isn't doing it .    one presumes robert wagner has the same excuse for playing in this inanity that lord oliver gave for some of his later ,  trashy venues .  he needed the money .  no other comparison between the two should be construed , however . 
don't be deceived as i was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the dvd box .   " wildly entertaining .  "  ,   " a seriously scary freakout .  "  ,  and the worst of all ,   " on par with jaws .  "  this movie is none of the above .   normally i don't bother with writing bad reviews for films but i can't believe this one is resting at a comfortable 7 on imdb .  it doesn't deserve it .   after a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by ,  what else ,  chemicals dumped by lazy scientists ,  this movie goes absolutely nowhere and it goes there sloooowly .  basically and improbably ,  a girl is snagged by the monster  ( i'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no weta creation )  and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down .  .  . in the sewers surrounding the han river .  their search lacks any suspense-again ,  someone called this on par with jaws ? -and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much pointless .  other than that ,  a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop .   blech .  this was bad .  i'm not kidding .  you want to see a rotten monster movie ?  rent deep rising .  at least you'll save 30 minutes of your life . 
first of all let me say the first 20 minutes are great ,  the monster looks superb and the cgi is reasonably done .  it's a shame then that the rest of the movie is such a disappointment ,    ******** spoilers below ********   from the opening scene we can see this movie is anti-american ,  normally this sort of stereotyping wouldn't bother me  ( we brits get enough from hollywood )  but here it's not subtle about making the americans brain-dead morons .  it goes past the point of realism and your left wondering if a yank has raped the directors mother .   the grieving scene was really poor and the part of the movie where it starts going downhill .   here we are introduced to the olympic medallist auntie and drunk uncle who walk into the memorial and start blaming the father for his daughters death ,  then hitting him before they all start rolling around on the floor crying .  hardly realistic bonding at a time of crisis !   the whole virus sideline is ridiculous .  if the americans know there isn't a virus ,  why are they wasting time ,  money and resources investigating ?  the us government agent orders the brain drilling of an innocent korean for nothing ,  making the americans look evil  ( or stupid )  ,  it wasn't helped by the fact this guy was cross-eyed for comical effect .   the movie is about hunting the monster .  us and korean special forces are assigned to finding the creature although through-out the movie they are invisible .  the only people hunting the monster ,  in the whole of korea ,  is the main family and some random tramp who appears at the end to save the day !  naturally a few us/korean agents try to stop them along the way .   the sister was only included in the movie so she could make the vital shot at the end .  it was clichéd ,  you knew it was going to happen but to make it worse she does bugger all until that part !  and my final annoyance ,  how the hell did that kid survive at the end ?  the monster had been swimming with it's head underwater for about 5 minutes !  why didn't the monster eat the kids in the first place ? 
gwoemul  ( the host )  - due to pollution in the han river a mutated beast goes on the rampage .  the youngest member of the park family is snatched by the beast ,  and it is up to the rest of her family to find her ,  before she becomes the beast's latest meal .   firstly ,  i love monster movies :  mutated bears ,  over-sized alligators ,  packs of ravening komodo dragons ,  the whole lot .  creature features are my favourite kind of horror film .  so ,  i really wanted to like the host ,  but it wasn't to be .    there were three major problems with it :   the first can be seen with a quick look at it's imdb page  genre :  action / comedy / drama / fantasy / horror / sci-fi / thriller  too many damned genres .  it took itself too seriously to be a comedy ,  and yet was too light hearted to have any real message  ( though it did seem to be trying to make some kind of statement .  anti-pollution ,  anti-american or anti-government )  .  the drama was misplaced and mixed in a confusing mish-mash with all the other styles .   secondly ,  after the initial monster attack nothing happens for almost the entire film .  the central family wander about looking for one of their own while the governments of korea and america ,  apparently ,  do nothing .  and that's it ,  they just wander about ,  occasionally hitting one another ,  presumably for a bit of comedy relief .  this lack of action made my attention wander ,  and apparently it did the same for the director ,  as whole plot threads go unresolved  ( a mystery plague invented by the evil americans is completely forgotten about ,  and is never resolved )  .   and lastly ,  the film is clumsily political .  it paints the americans as being stupid and evil ,  but gives us no american characters with any more depth than a cartoon villain .  the opening scene has the most obvious stupid american vs wise korean moment .  with a korean morgue assistant asking his boss ,  the coroner ,  not to pour chemicals into the han river .  the american coroner all but cackles maniacally as he orders the assistant to carry on .  as well as being racist ,  it's lazy film-making and there is no excuse for that .   on the plus side ,  the monster is good ,  kind of a mix of the relic and deep rising .  some of the movement effects are quite cool ,  and the initial monster chase through the park is a lot of fun .  there are also some nice shots in the film .  some of which remind me ,  strangely ,  of the way firefly was filmed  ( shuddering cameras ,  out of focus shots etc )  . there is also a nice scene at the end ,  where the hero and a little boy he has saved are sitting in the family's mobile food stall .  it's night-time and snow is falling ,  the street-lamp is giving out a cold light ,  but the food stall has a warm glow coming from it .   overall ,  i was really disappointed by this film .  i'd been looking forward to a decent creature flick ,  and instead i get some pseudo-political , horror-comedy lite .  looking at the comments on imdb i can't help but think that if this had been a us production it would have been slated .  just 'cause it's a foreign flick doesn't mean it's any good .  there have been some great movies out of korea in recent years  ( the vengeance trilogy and brotherhood ,  for example )  ,  but this certainly isn't one of them .    for once i'm in favour of a remake .  tighten up the directing ,  improve the scripting and this could have been a nice film .  as it is ,  it's not worth a couple of hours of anyone's time . 
what this movie does well is combine action and horror with comedy and drama in a unique way that teases more emotion form the audience than a typical horror movie .  unfortunately with disjointed storytelling ,  frustrating plot-holes ,  and contradictory scenes this movie mainly caused me frustration and is hardly  " the greatest monster movie ever .  "    let's start with the good stuff :  comedy ,  acting and special effects .  from the get-go ,  this movie starts off fast paced and cheeky .  the opening scene - the monster's origin - is campy and quick ,  paying homage the the classic 'environmental' disasters that have given birth to so many other monsters .  the pacing is fast ,  which was a welcome break from the long and often pointlessly dramatic opening scene from other monster flicks and allows the movie to jump right into the action .  with in the course of 10 minutes you get the 'why' ,  'where , ' and 'how' of the beast and are ready for action .  in this the movie delivers .   after another short and well shot sequence the characters are introduced :  the lazy son and his precocious little girl ,  kind grandfather ,  and talented sister  ( aunt )  and ,  of course ,  the monster .  the characters are introduced in context to each other and their conflicts are instantly apparent ,  allowing the audience to feel for them when the monster shows up suddenly to wreak havoc in the river area where they live and work .    the monster it's self looks great :  alien yet familiar - kinda like a dog and fish pooped out by a squid .  the effects of the creature are second to none and although it looks strange it is believable and at no point in the movie could you 'see it's strings . ' even the movement of the monster was horribly familiar ,  like a growing and excited rottweiler on linoleum the monster barrels through the crowd ,  slipping on surfaces ,  crushing and eating those in it's path .  when the monster's path intersects with the family and tragedy ensues it truly is a painful moment ,  and you can feel the need for revenge but from there on out the movie's appeal begins to unravel .   following the dynamite beginning the movie quickly loses focus and continuity .  plot-lines are introduced ,  then abandoned ,  characters change their position for no apparent reason ,  and comedy is interlaced into dramatic scenes confusing intent ,  while obstacles appear and disappear seemingly at random .    as for the comedy ,  let me say this :  i'm willing to accept that a lot of the humor is probably cultural .  i am not familiar with korean humor so maybe things were lost in translation .  however ,  as an asian studies major in college and as someone who has been living in japan for the last 5 years  ( still here )  i'd like to think i have a better grasp on asian humor than the average white-guy .  that being said there were many parts of the movie that i understood were supposed to be funny ,  but ,  to me ,  weren't .    *********** spoiler************* for example :  after the initial attack where the young daughter is lost the family is at the funeral ;  everyone is mourning .  a new character is introduced - a brother - and tension is raised even higher as it becomes obvious that the two brothers are at odds with one another .  they both begin to grieve for their loss and wind up competing with each other over who is grieving harder .  this competition is ,  at it's core ,  funny :  two brothers who dislike each-other so much they even compete at a funeral - it shows the prickly nature of familial love common in asian comedy .  this subtle slap-stick comedy poking fun at family and ritualized mourning is supposed to be funny but ,  seemed really out of place in the context of a lost little girl .  ************** end spoiler **************  then come the plot holes .  there are so many points brought up in this movie that are never explained ,  or ,  worse ,  are explained and fretted over only to be proved impotent and pointless in the end .  finding out an obstacle isn't an obstacle can be a good thing for a character ,  but you'd expect some comment to that nature .  instead the audience is barraged by moments of anti-climax when problems just 'aren't there' anymore and no one gives an indication that it was ever a problem to start .  so i ask you :  why even bring it up in the first place ?    this was prevalent through out the film as problems gave rise to new problems ,  and suddenly the world of the movie is filled with opposing forces that never resolved each other .  of course introducing new and greater problems is a time-tested story telling tradition ,  but if the introduction of a new arc leads the the forced shortening of another you would expect at least that the new arc gets full explanation .  not in this movie .  instead it was as if you get several stories ,  each only explained 20% of the way and ,  in the end ,  the parts never converge to complete the whole .   again ,  i'm willing to accept that a lot of this might be 'cultural . ' maybe its in korean story- telling tradition to put comedy inside a tragedy .  maybe it's normal for stories to go all over like a child who colors outside the lines on every-page ,  but never finishes one .  maybe it's ok to present a problem in order to develop the plot but then remove that problem randomly without any apparent solution or catharsis .  or maybe these are all hallmarks of sloppy work and bad storytelling rampant in a movie that seems to have a much better reputation than it deserves . 
i really ,  really didn't expect this type of a film outside of america .  how anyone can take the subject of sexually abusing children and turn it into a  " thriller "  is just sick .  auteuil  ( whom i had previously admired )  going around like some sort of child-saving rambo was ignorant and insulting to all the children being sexually exploited around the world .   what's doubly depressing is that the stunning and ground-breaking film  " happiness "  came out the year before this film .  menges and his cohorts should be ashamed of themselves .  it's admirable to read some of the comments by the more intelligent viewers out there .  they were able to see the shoddy and ridiculous handling of this topic .  those of you who think this is great cinema display a disgusting amount of ignorance and you need to watch  " happiness "  to open your minds to the true horrors of pedophilia .   do you think your child is more likely to be kidnapped and sold into sexual slavery or be molested by a neighbor ,  teacher ,  friend or even a relative ?  hmm .  .  . i wonder .  if they are going to make a film about international child slavery of whatever kind they owe it to everyone to make it realistic and emotionally involving instead of this button-pushing crap .  1/10
for daniel auteuil ,  `queen margot' was much better .  for nastassja kinski ,  `paris ,  texas' was much better .  the biggest disappointments were from chris menges  ( `crisscross' and `a world apart' cannot even be compared with this one )  ,  and goran bregovic for use of a version of the same musical theme from `queen margot' for this movie  ( attention to the end of the film )  .  if this was an american pop movie ,  i would not feel surprised at all ;  but for a european film with more independent actors and director ,  a similar common approach about child abuse with no original insight is very simple-minded and disappointing .  there are those bad guys who kidnap and sell the underage people .  there are those poor children who hate people selling them and wait to be saved by someone .  and finally ,  there is that big hero who kills all the bad guys and saves these poor children from bad guys .  every character is shown in simple black and white terms :  the good versus the evil .  plus ,  from the very beginning ,  i could understand how the story would end .  is this the end of the history of child sexual abuse ?  i believe that the difficult issue of child molestation and paedophilia is much more complex than how it is portrayed in this not very original movie .  i think this movie was not disturbing ,  but very disappointing . 
in the lost son ,  a private eye searching for a missing man stumbles upon a child prostitution ring .  this film incorporates all of the worst stereotypes you could imagine in a worst-case scenario that exists only in the minds of hollywood ,  the press and ag john asscrap .  if you get a chance to see this ,  you'd be better off getting lost yourself . 
i am very surprised by the positive comments because there were four of us that saw this at one screening and we all walked out .  we personally felt that it was painfully slow to watch and couldn't sit through the whole movie .  and we really tried to stick with it .  in particular ,  those in the group who really wanted to like it because of their personal experiences with sexual orientation alienation in the school years depicted didn't like or identify with it at all .   :  (   that said ,  it is great to see that this film really resonated with a lot of people here on the boards and with reviewers .  that's the beauty of the subjective art form of film .   :  ) 
i really must have caught a different film from the rest of the commentators on this site because at a screening of the film last night the audience was so mortified by the dialoge that  ( i'm not even kidding ) half walked out .  shot as if the filmmaker thought he were approaching some daring new territory by presenting a homosexual coming-of-age story ,  the film utilizes david lynch inspired visuals with fassbinder inspired acting .  the performances in this film are so dull and bored that i figured one of the actors was going to pass out by how uninspired they seemed to be by the script .  what's worse is that it's colored like an episode of miami vice .  i don't know who this director thinks he is ;  maybe he has pretensions of the surreal like bunuel ,  jordowsky ,  etc .  but the problem is that all of the afore mentioned directors display a level of erudite sensibility that is sorely lacking here .  i could understand the meaningfulness of this film about ten years ago ,  but when we've got masterpieces such as bad eduction ,  mysterious skin and show me love why bother with this cinematic turd ?  there is nothing new to be seen here . 
as a lesbian ,  i am always on the lookout for films relating to gays & lesbians .  however ,  with this kind of crap out there--it would be enough to discourage any audience .   i kept waiting for something to happen--anything ! --a story to develop ,  or just for it to make some kind of sense .  neither occurred .  it was just meaningless scenes ,  unconnected in any way with anything .  the film failed to conveyed any kind of story or depth to the character .   after an hour or more of this nonsense ,  i simply turned it off .   don't waste your time on this absurdity .   1 star - and it doesn't even deserve that . 
one would think that a film about a young person's coming to terms with his burgeoning homosexuality would be anything but boring .  think again .  this production should be bottled and sold as a cure for insomnia because it's about ten times as potent as any sleep aid on the market .  it's almost as if the film maker *considered* making a movie ,  but got lazy and decided instead to run a series of random  ( and randomly boring )  images and go-nowhere scenes ,  throw in a couple of actual scenes featuring actual acting ,  pretend that good lighting ins't important in the film-making process ,  and wrap it up under the auspices of an  " arthouse "  film .  this is exactly kind of crappy product that makes it easy for a lot of traditional film-makers to poo-poo the indie film movement ,  and which keeps the general public from more easily embracing indie films .   if you're interested in films covering this subject matter ,  you'd be much better off tuning in to some of the great short films available at logo's website or renting get real .  better yet ,  read stone butch blues .  whatever you do ,  skip this long-winded piece of dreck . 
 " wild tigers i have known .  "  it will only be showing in big cities ,  to be sure .  it is one of those films so artsy ,  that it makes no sense what so ever ,  except to the director !  i hate those !  and all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try desperately to find  " metaphors "  in what is evident horseshit .   there was no plot ,  no story ,  no moral ,  no chronology ,  and nothing amusing or even touching .  to me ,  it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had nothing to do with one another ,  and were all for  " show "  to show how  " artsy "  and  " visual "  they could get .  it was an attempt at yet another teen angst film ,  but missed the mark on every level humanly possible .  then the credits roll !  i was waiting for it to make sense !  i was waiting for  " the good part .  "  i own about 60 independent films in my dvd collection ,  many of which could arguably be called  " art house "  films .  this will not be amongst them .  you will be very angry at yourself for paying to see this film ,  much less ever buying it on dvd . 
despite its stereotypes ,  virtually 'no-name' cast and an obviously low budget i thought this film was alright ;  much better than i expected it to be .  i was skeptical at first - the idea of a computer virus that can also infect people seemed a little ludicrous to me .  but in the end ,  i thought the film handled the concept well  ( even if some scenes were a little clichéd )  .   the cast was quite good ,  and the two leads seemed to take their roles very seriously .  i couldn't help thinking ,  though ,  that janine turner is a bit of a geena davis look-a-like .  maybe it's just her face or the make-up ,  hair and clothes she had in this movie but it just kept nagging at the back of my mind the whole time .   while it's not a 'must see' or a great film by any standard ,  'fatal error' is an entertaining flick that will keep you watching until the end . 
about the only thing i liked about this film is that there was just enough in it to keep me in my seat to the end .  .  .  i kept thinking that maybe in the next scene things would gel .  .  .  alas .  .  .   those who like gus van sant's films - especially his later ones - will probably like this .  personally ,  i find van sant's films to be dull ,  pretentious and facile .  well ,  he was an executive producer for this film ,  so it is no surprise that the film could almost have been made by him - although personally i actually liked this better than van sant's latest efforts  ( e . g .  elephant )  .   contrary to many here ,  i did not think the film was difficult to understand or disjointed ,  i thought that above all it is a film that wishes to portray a certain mood - the mood of an adolescent moving slowly into the adult world - but so slowly that the changes are barely visible if at all .  but i feel that the problem with the film is that  " mood "  is not enough .  .  .  and not only that ,  but that the mood painted here is ,  to my mind ,  incorrectly chosen for the story that is supposedly happening .  the dream-like quality ,  so closely linked to nature ,  is beautifully captured here ,  but it is a mood which belongs much more to a much younger child ,  one who really still does get totally caught up in watching nature unfold  ( waves on a beach ,  grasses and flowers ,  spiders etc )  .  the rhythm of the film reminds me of my summers when i was about eight or nine .  there is a languor to the film that is in opposition to what should be a very tense time in an adolescent life .  when you are caught up in a crush on someone - or being the object of bullying at school - you are anything but languorous !  there are only two moments that truly worked for me in the film .  .  . spoilers here - first when logan drops the groceries and his mother throws a bit of a fit .  the frustrations of an adult dealing with a klutzy kid - especially with no father present - seemed real to me .   the second ,  and only part of the film with any tension to it ,  were the scenes where  " leah "   ( logan's re-creation of himself )  phones rodeo and tries to seduce him into phone-sex .  the first reason i liked it is because the person who did the voice-over of  " leah "  was the most convincing actor in the entire film .   ( it made me think of claire danes from my so-called life  .  .  . the voice even sounded like claire .  )  she and rodeo had the only scenes that seemed totally believable between the kids .  and what i especially liked was the fact that rodeo only pretended to play along .  .  .  it was perhaps the best moment in the film as - finally !  - we got some character development .   all in all ,  a somewhat misplaced effort .  .  .  we will have to see what he does in his next film before we can really say much about the director's possible talents .  in the meantime ,  if he can get away from van sant's influence ,  it might do him a world of good .  who is this director anyhow - one of van sant's boy toys ? 
first of all ,  this film is glacially slow-moving ,  and i can see most viewers losing patience with it altogether in the first thirty minutes .   the film's subject matter was one i think would form the basis of an excellent film ;  what was most lacking here was a plot that would advance the underlying themes .   it's unfortunate ,  because in the hands of a writer like  ( say )  lanford wilson ,  i think symbolism like a mountain-lion invading a school campus could take on great ,  tragic proportions without being heavy-handed .   i think ,  with a good script supporting the film ,  the same filmmaker ,  with the same tastes ,  and even with the same actors  ( who didn't really even get a chance to impress me )  ,  might have been able to present a meaningful and touching depiction of the pains and struggles that a boy goes through when he develops a powerful  " crush "  on an older boy that he admires .   however ,  i'm sorry to say that without this foundation ,  and armed with a vague ,  dull-witted ,  and vastly uninteresting script ,  without any sort of plot in sight ,  and lacking any sort of sensible structure  ( for example ,  after viewing it ,  i believe you will find that you cannot point to climactic scenes ,  and instead ,  will find yourself enumerating  " well ,  maybe that scene ,  or that one ,  were climaxes .  .  .  "  ) --the result is 95 minutes of tedium .   without a good plot ,  we never get terribly interested in any of the characters ;  their trials and difficulties are simply dull and boring .   without a good plot ,  dramatic devices and surrealistic directorial liberties become puzzling and confusing rather than enhancements to the story-line .  i never really could believe ,  for example ,  the creation of  " leah "  and i think that most viewers would be utterly baffled by the conventional way in which her telephone calls were filmed .   as the film stands ,  i'm afraid it's one i cannot recommend at all .  what i can never understand is why a film like this one isn't re-made by an enterprising film-maker .  .  . instead of all the mediocre remakes of films that were superlatively good in the first release !  all it needs is a good script ,  written by good writers ,  and i think this film could be easily turned into an unforgettable classic about an aspect of male coming-of-age that is rarely treated in drama .  all the elements that were so tedious and seemed so recherche in the film  ( the messages written on the boy's belly ,  the  " leah "  scenes ,  the television-screen fantasies )  could become rich if underpinned with a good storyline .   i see in quite a few comments that people are talking of this film as somehow being about a  " gay "  subject ,  and i think that's mistaken .  obviously ,  the  " crush "  depicted is that of a newly pubescent boy on an older adolescent boy ,  but the character of logan is far too young to have settled on any particular sexual choices ,  and ,  indeed ,  in his depicted masturbation fantasies ,  we see all sorts of stimuli ,  sexual and non-sexual ,  as we would expect in a very young boy like him .  i believe  " crushes "  such as logan's are common among male youths who grow up to have a decided preference for female sex-partners . 
i haven't actually finished the film .  you may say that in this case i have no right to review it ,  especially so negatively .  but i do ,  only because i stopped it on account of i couldn't watch anymore .  .  . i got over halfway ,  and i only got there by promising myself something good was just around the corner .  this film is so tiresome ,  so lackluster that i was actually insulted .  i haven't read many of the other reviews ,  so i'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it ,  but i am homosexual ,  and i did go through  " similar "  revelations ,  day dreams ,  issues etc etc .  there were maybe two moments where i actually felt this film could go somewhere ,  where i felt it may have some inkling of meaning ,  or relativity ,  but these hopes were dashed the moment the next set of cliché-ridden narration came on .  i mean ,  just look at the quotes on the imdb page .  unfortunately you're not able to hear the scratchy play back ,  nor the echo-ey fades if you're just read the quotes ,  because they are just too painful/ridiculous/stupid to miss .  i did give the film three stars ,  and all three of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform archer's tired  " concepts "  into something watchable .  mind you ,  i pray he wasn't the one who decided to include all the long shots of tv closeups .  .  . another unnecessary cliché already over done in films such as korine's gummo .  .  .  i think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at sundance  ( only because archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did ,  by the way .  .  .  )  because sundance seems to be the one festival where cliché heavy drivel like this is still accepted as  " arthouse "  .  no ,  it's not art house ,  i'm afraid it's just plain s**t-house .  do not watch . 
wow ,  i hated this movie .  the subject matter should have resulted in a really fine film ,  and the lead actor was definitely sensitive and talented enough to handle the topic ,  but the script - if there even *was* a script - is a mess .  this is less a movie than a random slide show that goes nowhere .  i'd say it goes nowhere fast ,  except that it's actually the longest 81 minutes you'll ever sit through .  as i've mentioned ,  the lead actor is good .  so is faruza baulk  ( sp ?  )  ,  as his sometimes-harsh-but-ultimately-loving-and-accepting mother .  the film makers have a lot to answer for here ,  because this is a mess .  a real shame , because i really wanted to like this movie ,  but it's basically out-takes from a movie that never got made .  skip this one - it wasn't even worth the $6 i shelled out for pay-per-view . 
i read the half dozen other user comments on this board and it seems as though the opinions vary greatly .  i have to agree with those who found this movie to be awful .  it pains me to write that since i would have hoped this would have been great ,  or i wouldn't have bothered to see it the other day .  i like supporting indie cinema ,  especially if they are gay-themed ,  but this movie is almost too much to tolerate .  those that walked out ,  as i considered doing after about three minutes ,  probably didn't mind shelling out $11 . 00 ,  or just figured it was going nowhere ,  fast ,  and not going to improve .  maybe i am slightly more optimistic than they are .  . either that or they didn't pay to get in in the first place .   logan is bored .  he's a klutz .  he's gay .  i'm okay with that .  the problem is that because the main character in a movie is bored does not necessarily mean that the movie about him has to be boring also !  there are endless scenes of this kid just laying around like a load of laundry ,  re-establishing everything that you already learned in the first scene ,  and the second scene ,  etc .  ,  etc .  .  . nothing or no one goes anywhere .  no one says anything even remotely insightful or funny or interesting .  probably most appalling of all is that i didn't feel the slightest bit of empathy for logan .  that in itself is a major accomplishment .  he didn't grow ,  he didn't change ,  he didn't learn  ( there is no one to teach him anything )  ,  he didn't do anything ,  and neither did the movie !  scene after scene of the same thing do not a movie make .   additionally ,  the title makes no sense at all .  1/10 . 
had some lovely poetic bits but is really just an artsy-fartsy toss-together with no direction or resolution .  how do these people get through film school ?  who gives them money to make this crap ?  could have been so much more ,  fine lead actor ,  and i always like fairuza balk ,  but come on ,  the alt-rock metaphor of just staring vacantly unable to find anything compelling is just so tired ,  and it sure doesn't make for good films .  the director needs to go away and live life for a good long while and not come back to the camera until they really have something to say .  this is like the throw-spaghetti-at-the-wall school of art-making ,  just juxtapose a bunch of earnest imagery and hope hope hope like hell that poetry emerges .  that can work ,  if the director actually has any kind of vision ,  or has a brain that knows when it's in the presence of potential ,  but here it's just space filler ,  of no consequence .  i felt the lazy ending coming moments before it hit ,  and was yelling  " you lazy bastard "  at the screen when the credits popped up . 
visually disjointed and full of itself ,  the director apparently chose to seek faux-depth to expand a 5 minute plot into an 81 minute snore-fest .    the moments that work in this film are very limited ,  and the characters don't even feel real .  how could you feel invested in a main protagonist who was made so surreal ?    substantively and stylistically ,  it all feels like a quirky dream sequence .  jarring irregular camera work ,  awkward silences and gaps in action ,  and what's with the little spider image crawling across the screen ?  whoever thought of that needs to go back to film school .  it added no meaning ,  just cheese ,  and didn't even stylistically work with the rest of the film  ( assuming the film even had a style ,  which is a close call )  .  what a flop . 
i see that someone already thought of a similar analogy ,  which was similar to the first thing that came to mind after i watched this movie .  they said that the ingredients were there but there was no plot .  besides the sexual scenes which bordered on child-porn  ( which i feel could have been edited out or been presented more suggestively in nature rather than graphically ,  i would liken this movie to a recipe that's been torn in half .  it's kind of like being handed a list of ingredients ,  with no directions on how to put them together into a finished product .  from the start ,  character development and story development are lacking .  .  . unfortunately ,  many times in this monotonous drivel we are teased with bits of plot and we think  " ahh-ok .  .  . finally we are going to find out something more about why this scene is going on .  .  . or .  .  . who this character is .  .  . or maybe we are finally going to get to know and appreciate this character more .  .  . or understand and get involved more with this inter-character relationship .  .  . etc .  "  but no such luck !  on the contrary ,  many times i was tempted to just turn it off more than once but stuck it out when the carrot was dangled ,  only to find that whatever mini-plot within whatever mini-plot  ( and that poorly presented )  was just a ruse .  why i stayed with it till the end is a mystery ,  other than usually ifc has better selections and they gave it 2-1/2 stars  ( another mystery )  .  it's not that the characters aren't likable to some degree ,  or that you can't identify with them or their humanness at all .  .  . it's just that this could have been so much better with just a little more effort .  i notice this was shot around santa cruz and find myself wondering if it was someone's film school project .  i wish i could have given this a better review but honestly it was a frustrating and disappointing waste of an hour and a half . 
after watching this movie on dvd ,  i watched the trailer .  the voice-over describes the movie as surreal .  well ,  there's surreal ,  and there's surreal .    there was really only one part of the film that seemed surreal to me ,  but frankly ,  it was more confusing than surreal .  the other unusual imagery ,  particularly the lunchroom scene where everybody is on the floor ,  were so nonsensical they had no meaning .  i don't mind imagery that doesn't mean anything ,  but these scenes just seemed irrelevant .   my impression is that the director was trying to convey logan's inner monologue .  i don't know what else would explain what was going on .  unfortunately ,  nothing i saw gave me any clue what logan was thinking about ,  what his perspective was ,  or even his emotional state .  all i could tell was that he wasn't particularly happy with his physical appearance ,  and that he had a crush on an older boy .    i thought the ending signaled what the relationship between the boys had become ,  but not much else did .  purposely juxtaposing ambiguous scenes with those that were more straightforward seemed more like a cop out than an artistic decision .    still ,  as tiresome and as content-free the movie was for me ,  it was a definite change of pace .  i very much liked madagascar skin ,  and i had the feeling this movie aspired to that kind of narrative ,  and perhaps even style .  it didn't even come close .  for me there's no question about it :  this movie deserves an a for effort ,  but a d for execution . 
sitting down to watch the 14th season of the bachelor  (  " on the wings of love "  )  ,  i knew i would be in for an  " interesting "  time .  i had watched some of the previous seasons of the bachelor in passing ;  watching an episode or two and missing the next three or so .  i find that the bachelor is often appealing and intriguing ,  though its quality and morality are often lacking .    " on the wings of love "  details the journey taken by jake ,  a 31 year old commercial pilot from dallas ,  texas ,  to find true love ,  as true a love as one can find in a season-long reality-drama dating show .  jake meets 25 beautiful girls from all over the country .  he begins to get to know them a bit ,  but it is mostly superficial ;  how well can you get to know someone in a few 5 minute conversations ?  jake tries to make his true intentions known from the very beginning ,  at least to the audience .  he noted that he doesn't just want love or a good time ,  but he wants a fiancé or wife .  we can only assume that he has made this clear to the women in the competition as well .  if that is the case ,  it might explain ,  to a degree ,  some of the women's actions .  the women are super competitive .  while they don't even know jake at all yet ,  they are still in it to win it no matter what the cost .   not only were the women competitive ,  but they were also confident and catty .  threats ,  backstabbing ,  and warnings of  " watch out !  "  all show that these women weren't there for a good time either .  jake noted that he was not just looking for sex appeal ,  but looking for  " a connection .  "  however ,  the girls pulled out all the stops to try to impress jake with said sex appeal .  they arrived at the mansion in skimpy dresses  either low-cut or short .   while some girls seemed to maintain their sense of decorum ,  others missed that memo altogether .  one girl ,  channy ,  noted that jake was a  " good guy "  to whom she could be a  " naughty girl .  "  she went on to say that jake could land on her  " runway anytime .  "  she got flack from the other girls for her provocative statement which showed their take on these situations .   so ,  a reality dating show couldn't be that bad ,  could it ?  besides the obvious issue of sex-driven attraction ,  there are other issues that mar this seemingly harmless show .  is this the right way to find a future mate ;  vying for someone's attention by flaunting oneself to extreme proportions ?  unfortunately ,  however ,  that is what america has reduced dating to these days :  pleasure and sex without commitment and a little happiness on the side .   another problem is the premature emotional attachment by which many of the girls bound themselves to jake .  a few girls in particular seemed to be overly attached .  one girl said  " if i don't get that first impression rose it will kill me !  "  as mentioned before ,  they don't even know him yet and she was talking about a specific rose ,  not just one of the 15 roses to keep from being eliminated .   michelle ,  in particular ,  seemed to have some issues with attachment to jake .  the other girls noticed it too .  after one particular michelle outburst ,  vienna asserted that michelle had a  " mental breakdown and we've only been here an hour .  "  michelle got the last rose of the evening on the first show  narrowly missing elimination  and was extremely emotional about it .  the other girls thought it was simply ridiculous .  another girl also cried ,  but because she was eliminated .   it began with survivor ,  and from there it just took off  reality tv .  it shows our entertainment interests as a country ;  if we weren't watching the shows and giving them good ratings ,  the networks would not continue to run them .  the only logical conclusion that can be drawn is that enough of america is hooked .  one thing is clear :  america  ( in general )  loves reality tv and its ensuing trappings .   this begs me to question :  why is it that we even like reality tv ?  what is it about it that draws us to it ?  is it because we see the similarities to our own lives ,  or is it because we want to be sure that we are more stable and less pathetic than others ?  whatever it is that draws us to it ,  we should be careful of the media and entertainment that we allow to fill our minds .  i'm not saying that all reality tv shows are bad ;  however ,  i am saying that we need to evaluate each one .   episodes used for critique :  season premier and episode 2 . 
like so many media experiments ,  this amateurish effort contains seeds of a very interesting social commentary .  in the 5+ years since it was released ,  the premise has been made less outrageous by real world events in software development ,  and i found it less boring than the previous commentator for that reason ,  i imagine .  .  .  the director clearly is a fan of hitchcock ,  and it's too bad that the film was not better executed ,  but in fact ,  it is nearly a parody of pulp fiction ,  including the soundtrack screeching at us when we are supposed to pay attention .  one can almost see the exclamation points and capital letters on a yellowing page .   i have to admit i found it rather entertaining for all these reasons and more .  sometimes the slick has less to offer us ,  and i would recommend it to anyone interested in deconstructing it for education purposes .  oh yes--and even though the seams showed and it creaked a lot ,  my heart rate went up ,  and i was reluctant to get up and take a break . 
yes ,  even as a fan of shows like survivor and the apprentice ,  this show is pretty bad .  i didn't mind the first couple of shows ,  but then realizing how pathetic everyone was to actually go on the show in the first place . the antics of alex and aaron giving men a bad name at the way they cheated on or dumped their choice at the first opportunity really was not a good look for the show .   ryan ,  you can have trista .  she had the most annoying voice i've ever heard on television ,  and she definitely wasn't the smartest girl around  ( very media savvy ,  but i doubt there's much more there )  .   i haven't really watched any of the shows since ,  apart from the occastional re-run on daytime tv .  i think the point of reality tv is to treat it as  " entertaining trash "  .  view it as something you can laugh over ,  and don't have to think too hard about  (  i don't watch csi its like reality tv-tired and clichéd ,  but you have to think too much anyway while watching )  .   a couple of thoughts on some reasons fro going on the show .  at the very first 'the woman tell all "  woman such as amy  (  who had a lot of class about her )  commented that she had tried every scene aka the bar and club scene to meet a guy and it wasn't happening for her .  hey amy ,  how about joining a club ?  getting a hobby ?  doing charity work ?  changing your job to one where you meet more guys ?  gees ,  all i know is that going to a bar is not the ideal place to meet a future partner .   amy and many of the other girls seemed to be obsessed with the idea of meeting  " the perfect man' .  clue to ladies :  he doesn't exist .  there are ,  however ,  many great guys out there that would make great husbands ,  some who may be right for you !  they may not earn six figures a year or be a jfk junior look alike ,  but they are great guys all the same .  the shallowness of woman on this show is quite unbelievable .  im still a youngster ,  at was lead to believe that woman gradually grew out of their shallowness as they got older and more realistic about their future partner .  this show is proving otherwise .   overall this show does a lot to confirm many stereotypes of how woman view men in society .  it really is a terrible show and i think all of these types of shows should just stop being made .  the best dating shows by a country mile are blind date and the fifth wheel because they are fun .  nothing is manned more between the  " couples "  than a simple night out .  the bachelor ,  sadly takes itself way too seriously . 
it makes one wonder how this show is still on the air .  there's been one couple that has stayed together ,  married ,  and has children ,  but everyone else has broken up .  what's the point of continuing this ?  the show can be entertaining at the beginning .  you see all the girls swooning over one man ,  that almost all of them like instantly .  it's just like in real life !  the girls start to take sides ,  bitch one another out ,  and show their true selves  ( or so we think )  .  but that one man is left to decide who to pick that he thinks he can marry and live happily ever after .   what is true love exactly ?  how can you fall for someone when you're forced to pick them ?  this show is unbelievable .  you thought dating online was bad ,  but people have to go on tv to find love ?  it's not realistic .  how could a girl be with a man when he is going out with several others ,  making out with them ?  none of these questions are answered ,  and finally when the show ends ,  you know there won't be a happy ending in the future .  for all we know ,  everything is scripted . 
i watched this movie .  to the end .  and that was really not easy .  it is so boring ,  bad played and in nearly every detail stolen from  " blair witch project "  that you can't believe the makers take this serious .  even harder to believe ,  is how this  " product "  made it onto vhs and dvd .   so ,  if want to see a horror-movie ,  just watch  " scream "  ,  but if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time ,  watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability ,  watch dark area . 
please !  do not waste any money on this movie .  it really is nothing more than a boring german blair witch ripoff made by some high school kids .  i couldn't finish watching it ,  and usually i like watching all kinds of b-movies .  how on earth could they find a distributor for it ?  !  !  !  funny however :  check out wikipedia for  " dark area "  .  the guy who wrote the entry must be completely out of his mind .  maybe he got loads of money from the producers .  money that should have been spend on actors ,  camera and editing .  even that wouldn't have helped ,  since there is absolutely no interesting idea behind this film .  unfortunately  " dark area "  has already gotten too much attention .  please ,  director ,  producer and author of this movie ,  stop making movies like that .  .  . you are not doing yourself a favor .  the world would be a better place without this film . 
a friend of mine bought this  ( very cheaply )  and decided to give it to me as a birthday present .  i thought i'd never watch it 'cause i knew it was a joke and the cover of the dvd looked pathetic ,  but then my friends and i got really bored and watched it .  from start till finish !  i know quite an accomplishment but it really is a masterpiece .  it's hard to describe .  you should see it ,  it's a real lesson on what people are capable of when they believe they're creative and smart and really aren't .  the  " acting "  is sous-terrain  ( you can actually see the  " leading lady "  laugh on some occasions ,  she's definitely the worst )  .  the  " story "  is to stupid to be summed up and really everything in this film sucked .  please ,  pay special attention to  " the sheriff "  .  the guy is an adult and therefor has absolutely no excuse to be involved in this .  he's extremely bad as well .  whatever it did have some hilarious moments .  check it out ,  haha
not too keen on this really .  the story is pretty horrid and unconvincing .  i enjoyed the first 10 minutes ,  bill nunns good .  after that it was pretty appalling .  tim doesn't fit the role ,  he comes across as a smug self inflated ass & pruitt taylor vince is entirely unconvincing as a trumpet player .  it's a idealist film and as a musician ,  feel slightly offended after watching it .  there's no scenes of 1900 practising or playing with his fellow band mates ,  he's completely self indulgent .  i find it hard to build any relationship with this kind of character ,  maybe i'm watching the wrong film .  if you have no real passion for life or sense of what musics all about then happily indulge in the suspension of disbelief and watch this waffle . 
the american humane association ,  which is the source of the familiar disclaimer  " no animals were harmed .  .  .  "   ( the registered trademark of the aha )  ,  began to monitor the use of animals in film production more than 60 years ago ,  after a blindfolded horse was forced to leap to its death from the top of a cliff for a shot in the film jesse james  ( 1939 )  .  needless to say ,  the atrocious act kills the whole entertainment aspect of this film for me .  i suppose one could say that at least the horse didn't die in vain ,  since it was the beginning of the public waking up to the callous and horrendous pain caused animals for the glory of movie making ,  but i can't help but feel that if the poor animal had a choice ,  this sure wouldn't have been the path he would have taken ! 
this had a great cast with big-name stars like tyrone power ,  henry fonda ,  randolph scott ,  nancy kelly ,  henry hull and brian donlevey and a bunch more lesser-but-known names with shorter roles .  it also had technicolor ,  one of the few movies made with it in 1939 .   now the bad news .  .  .  .  .  .  . regrettably ,  i can't say much positive for the story .  it portrayed the james boys in a totally positive light .  .  .  . and hollywood has done that ever since .  why these criminals are always shown to be the  " good guys "  is beyond me .  this film glamorizes them and made their enemies - the railroad people - into vicious human beings .  the latter was exaggerated so much it was preposterous .  well ,  that's the film world for you :  evil is good ;  good is bad .   hey hollywood :  here's a news flash - the james boys were criminals !  really - look it up ! 
in a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe .  his girlfriend beth  ( dorie barton )  discovers him and tries to commit suicide .  she's institutionalized .  a year later she's out ,  has a new boyfriend named hank  ( joseph lawrence )  and is about to spend spring break with hank and four other mindless friends in a big ,  beautiful condo in florida .  naturally the killer pops up  ( for no reason )  and starts killing again .   lousy slasher thriller--a textbook example of how not to do a low-budget horror movie .  for starters ,  large portions of this film are endless filler of these six idiots videotaping themselves ,  having  " fun "   ( more fun than the audience )  ,  getting drunk ,  acting stupid etc etc .  also there is no nudity in here at all .  i'm not saying a horror film needs nudity but anything to liven this up would have helped .  none of the deaths are really shown  ( you hear them )  ,  are only a little bloody and there is no gore .  there's one real gruesome one--but that's not till the end .   with a few exceptions the acting sucks .  dorie barton is dreadful as the main woman and tom jay jones is lousy as oz .  chad allen pops up as brad and he's terrible .  lawrence is actually very good--handsome and hunky and giving this crap his all .  and jeff conaway pops up in a small role doing a pretty good job .   logic lapses abound--after they realize a friend has been killed two of the girls casually talk about sex ;  baston's non reaction to seeing a friend getting killed is kind of funny and what happens to lawrence ?  his character disappears without a trace at the end !  dull ,  stupid ,  no gore ,  no nudity--skip this one . 
i know slashers are always supposed to be bad , but come on , what the hell is this ? it's like a bunch of 10-year-olds saved their lunch money and started filming this by the end of their week .   anyway , six young people all go to the same house to get killed off screen . we have the brainy one , the slut , the other slut , the black guy , the killer , stereotypes like that . after one gets eaten by a shaking boat , the others all get stalked by some guy who wears a mask the people at the poor box rejected . there's one pretty decent murder somewhere in the middle , but then it's back to even more boredom , and especially more false scares . seriously , we actually know it can't be the killer when a person gets attacked because the guy sure loves to take his sweet time for everything .   after every character you expected to die dies , the standard ugly blonde chick and her soon-to-be-boyfriend eventually get captured by the killer ( they get like , pushed down and then faint ) and the killer reveals himself . i think the writers of this movie just took a blindfold and a pen and put it somewhere on the list of characters . the motive is just lame and don't even get me started on the damn secret . the killer then of course takes way too much time to explain everything ( and then about ten minutes extra in which he slices up his own arm for some reason ) and eventually gets overpowered by a guy with a gun . hey , no fair !   really one of the most awful movies i've ever seen . i could enjoy myself more by watching a lindsay lohan-movie , i swear . i mean sure , most 80's slashers sucked as well but at least they threw in some t&a . this movie just has nothing going for it . 
i have read the novel reaper of ben mezrich a fews years ago and last night i accidentally came to see this adaption .   although it's been years since i read the story the first time ,  the differences between the novel and the movie are humongous .  very important elements ,  which made the whole thing plausible are just written out or changed to bad .   if the plot sounds interesting to you :  go and get the novel .  its much ,  much ,  much better .   still 4 out of 10 since it was hard to stop watching because of the great basic plot by ben mezrich . 
this is one of the worst horror movies i have ever seen .  .  .  unfortunately ,  i am a horror movie buff and will rent any horror movie unless it's not made for t . v .  when looking at the box it says it is rated r for gore and some language .  .  .  where was the gore ?  was their one good death scene where you actually saw gore ?  i could have overlooked that if there had been some brief nudity or some good dialogue .  there wasn't even one remotely witty or amusing line in this lame movie .  sometimes horror movies are awesome because they are so stupid ,  but this was just sad . 
do you guys wanna know a secret ?  .  this movie sucks .  well actually i don't know because if you allow yourself to be indulged by plagiarised versions of original movies ,  then perhaps you may find this movie astounding  ( this movie being a plagiarised copy of i know what you did last summer )  .  the first 30 minutes of the movie is based on a typical story setting ;  a bunch of so-called cool teenagers relishing their vacation in florida and being themselves by behaving very much like the juveniles they are .  the only insight we get at this point is the extent to which the director succeeded in illustrating a pretentious sense of adolescent decadence within the characters .  the second half hour of the movie gains a little momentum and begins to illustrate a start to the no- where-near unprecedented killings .  the third half hour of the movie will most definitely remain a mystery to me because i switched it off before i could further delude myself into thinking that the movie may still have something interesting and original left to show .  as far as the story is concerned ,  it can easily be explained in a few lines .  a bunch of teenagers go to florida on vacation .  while they are busy partying ,  they slowly  ( and i mean slowly )  begin to get killed because they know some sort of silly secret .  the only thread to the killings is that all victims were matriculates of a common high school .  one thing that did however amaze me about this movie ,  was how much betty  ( im not sure about her name .  . the blonde character )  looks like reese witherspoon .  another thing that amazed me about the movie was that it made me jump from my seat a few times .  does that make it a work of art ?  absolutely not because my 12 year old niece made me drop a glass of orange juice because she  " boo'ed "  me when i was just about to go through the guest room door .  . whats the difference between the director and my 12 year old niece ?  ?  ?  ?    do you wanna know a secret ?  ?  ?  i'm not sure about you guys ,  but i don't .  . 
ok ,  a slasher movie .  a very ,  very stupid slasher movie .   we got your stereotypical teenagers in a house thing going .  we got a fbi agent that's seen dirty harry one time too many .   " so what's the secret .  .  .  . punks ?  "  we got about 4 different little camera shots and scene that make no sense at all .   " hey man ,  i'm fixing the sprinklers "   (  ( that guy was my favorite part of the movie )  )  suddenly there's a preacher tied up on a couch watching home movies ,  he gets killed .   they follow the killer into the middle of nowhere ,  with no cops .  suddenly she's in a church ,  wearing a wedding dress .  i swear this is the stupidest slasher movie i've ever seen . 
**spoilers** redicules slasher film that makes no sense at all with a killer running around dressed in a black robe and wearing what looks like a pull-over peter lorre rubber mask .  were told early in the movie ,  almost the very first scene ,  that young beth morgan was in rehab due to heavy drug use after her boyfriend was murdered in tennyson collage about a year ago .   it's also brought out that fbi agent sacker's  ( jeff conaway )  ,  who's obsessed in catching the killer , daughter was also murdered in tennyson around the same time .  by the time the movie  " do you wanna know a secret "  is over it's never explained just what those two killings back in connecticute has to do with the slaughter in florida of some half dozen collage students a year later ?  other that the killer ,  at least in the murder of beth's boyfriend ,  wore the same silly halloween outfit .    at spring break in the sunshine state the six students spend their vacation at a beach house and before you know it they start getting knocked off one at a time .  starting with computer geek brad clyton ,  chad allen ,  the killing even spill over into town with a number of people who have nothing to do with the targeted student including the police chief gavin ,  jack mcgee ,  getting sliced open .    the masked killer saves beth for last in this weird ceremony at a deserted church ,  in what looks like the florida everglades .  he then finally reveals who his is and what he intentions are which make as much sense as the movie does ,  none .  trying to scare it's audience all the movie does is confuse and bewilder it with a number of not-too convincing slasher scenes .  the most effective ones having the victim oz washington ,  tom jay jones ,  survive at least three attempts on his life and ending up ,  together with agent sacker ,  the hero in the film .    oz also had a vicious cut on is foot from a large splinter of glass that almost cut it in half and crippled him but later he miraculously recovered ,  after getting arrested for a murder he didn't commit ,  in fact he had it out two more time with the killer with him not as much as having a slight limp in his walk !  it also made no sense at all why oz and beth went on their own to tack down and catch the killer instead of calling the police ,  with a cellphone that oz had ,  instead ?    beth's boyfriend ,  who loses his head over her ,  in the movie hank ford ,  joseph lawrence ,  is also very unconvincing as well as the two girls at the beach house . they together with with beth oz end up being the killers victims and then somehow disappearing from sight !  for a moment you didn't know if they were really killed at all or if it was some kind of hallucination on oz's or the local police part .  until the off-the-wall final scene where they popped up in the church .   we also get an insight on a previous relationship between tina and hank with her ,  drunk and acting obnoxious ,  trying to get it on with hank as beth walks in without hank and tina even noticing her .  that seemed to have upset beth even more then her boyfriend being murdered at the beginning of the movie ! 
this mindless movie is a piece of crap and boring like the full house repetitions .  for all the people who want to see a great ,  exciting and cool horror movie shouldn't even think about watching this bunch of mindless work .  a f- in my opinion .  i have one question ,  what were they thinking ?  let's make a list :  1 )  bad script 2 )  bad script 3 )  bad script 4 )  bad acting 5 )  bad directing and last but not least a bad script .  i mean i am not like grumping about every movie ,  but i was disappointed when i watched it .  this movie should be banned into a box ,  locked and sunk down into the sea .  so please don't do something like this again ,  please ,  please ,  please !  !  !  ! 
i have to say i am really surprised at the high ratings for this movie .  i found it to be absolutely idiotic .  the mother gets  " visions "  when she touches certain things or people ?  and one thing she touched twice made her vision continue .  .  .  just seemed so ridiculous .  deedee pfieffer's performance was awful i thought .  she was very irritating .  the girl who played lori did a good job and so did most of the supporting cast for what they had to work with .   i usually love lmn and am very open minded when it comes to movies but this movie seemed to have a ridiculous plot and over the top acting and it just was not for me . 
in a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe .  his girlfriend beth  ( dorie barton )  discovers him and tries to commit suicide .  she's institutionalized .  a year later she's out ,  has a new boyfriend named hank  ( joseph lawrence )  and is about to spend spring break with hank and four other mindless friends in a big ,  beautiful condo in florida .  naturally the killer pops up  ( for no reason )  and starts killing again .   lousy slasher thriller--a textbook example of how not to do a low-budget horror movie .  for starters ,  large portions of this film are endless filler of these six idiots videotaping themselves ,  having  " fun "   ( more fun than the audience )  ,  getting drunk ,  acting stupid etc etc .  also there is no nudity in here at all .  i'm not saying a horror film needs nudity but anything to liven this up would have helped .  none of the deaths are really shown  ( you hear them )  ,  are only a little bloody and there is no gore .  there's one real gruesome one--but that's not till the end .   with a few exceptions the acting sucks .  dorie barton is dreadful as the main woman and tom jay jones is lousy as oz .  chad allen pops up as brad and he's terrible .  lawrence is actually very good--handsome and hunky and giving this crap his all .  and jeff conaway pops up in a small role doing a pretty good job .   logic lapses abound--after they realize a friend has been killed two of the girls casually talk about sex ;  baston's non reaction to seeing a friend getting killed is kind of funny and what happens to lawrence ?  his character disappears without a trace at the end !  dull ,  stupid ,  no gore ,  no nudity--skip this one .   rated r for graphic violence and some profanity . 
good deaths .  good mask .  cool axe .  good looking girls .  .  .  . but watch out !  !  !  no plot and little scares completely lower it's standards .  they tried to make an  " i know what you did last summer "  ,  but ended up making a  " scream "  .  but hey ,  what do people expect from a horror movie ?  answers totally vary .  rent it if you want ,  but i regret ever seeing it . 
the secret is .  .  . this movie blows .  sorry ,  but it just did .    ****spoiler****  in this bad riff on i know what you did last summer and scream ,  beth ,  played admirably by dorie barton ,  joins several friends on a spring break trip .  the group rents a fancy house and tries to enjoy a fun vacation .  then ,  the deaths begin .  first one then another then another of the friends is murdered ,  leading to a sad and trite climax with predictable results .    one note ,  dorie barton is the poor man's reese witherspoonshe looks like reese ,  acts like reese and could pass for reese in a police lineup .  maybe that's how they cast her ?  anyhoo ,  decent cinematography and fair acting could not quite make up for bad dialog and terrible writing . 
i normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie ,  however this was an unique case .  this movie was so bad that i actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of good movie time to justify the hour and a half that was wasted .  needless to say i was brutally disappointed .  set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation ,  this movie suffers from numerous problems making it not worth seeing .  first ,  there are gaping plot holes .  second ,  very few of the c-list  ( i don't even dare call them b )  actors can act worth a damn ,  so any scenes that have potential fail miserably .  third ,  the rate of the film is very choppy and awkward to watch most of the time making suspense building very difficult ,  leading to very few surprises for the audience .  fourth and most importantly ,  the ending is completely anti-climatic partially because of how it ends  ( setting/who the killer turns out to be )  and partially because the dialog is just atrocious .  to the films credit ,  it is the only movie that i will ever say is the worst movie i have ever scene ,  and i've seen a lot .   so ,  just like a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing ,  the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling no ,  you really don't as you run in the opposite direction . 
well ok ,  i watched this movie a little over 2 years ago and now i pulled it out of the dusty shelf to watch it again and i must say ,  i actually think this movie is good .  this movie caught a buzz as the bootleg i know what you did last summer 3 ,  much like final stab was to scream 4 ,  and well this movie isn't that bad .  i mean it had flaws and of course it would be laughable to release this in the theaters but still for a midnight popcorn flick ,  this movie is not half bad .  it has some scares ,  and some really hot women i might add .  plus it shows off joey lawrence's new beefy look though obviously even that hasn't won him any big hollywood roles either .  .  .  .  .  . i feel bad for the man ,  he had such a career in the early and mid 90's with blossom ,  some disney movies and the everlasting lawrence brothers show .  .  .  .  . joey lawrence was a bit player in the sitcom scene ,  but then like in a 360 degree turn ,  his career went south only doing low budget movies like this one .   the movie also throws you off guard in ,  it makes you think between the crew ,  there really is a secret that someone knows ,  to only be disappointed in the end to find out the secret .  it also throws you off on who the killer is ,  i had an idea but still woulnd't think the killer was who he was ,  but his motives combined with the secret was a huge letdown .  now ,  had there been a secret that was let out ?  this movie could've been one of the better b rated movies .  but also i am a sucker for college themes and i also in college went on spring break in a mansion sized beach house similar to the one in here so it just made me feel sentimental about this movie .   a so-so slasher flick .  good for a midnight movie . 
i rated this movie a 1 since the plot is so unbelievable unbelievable .  judge for yourself .  be warned ,  the following will not only give away the plot ,  but will also spoil your appetite for watching the movie .   a computer virus ,  designed by a frustrated nerd ,  sends out a code through television screens and computer monitors .  when the code - in the form of light - enters the eye it can access the 'electrical system' of your body .  what it does is forcing the body cells into excretion of calcium .  within seconds after infection the patient reaches for his neck ,  develops tunnel vision ,  his skin will turn white of the calcium ,  after which he falls and his hand and scull will crack in a cloud of chalk .    this virus is very intelligent .  when it finds out that a blind computer expert is trying to disassemble the code with a braille output device - operated by hands - the device is set on a very high voltage ,  which causes severe burning wounds on the skin of the expert's head .  the virus also senses aggression against remote controls and the keyboard of an atm .  fortunately it could be stopped by throwing over outdated desktop pc's in a rack and electrocuting the nerd with his back on a broken computer and his feet in some spilled water .   oh dear .  .  . 
i am so confused .  what in the world was this movie about ?  what was the killer's motivation ?  he seemed quite angry ,  but i have yet to figure out why .  nothing in this movie made sense .  it had zero depth .  or less than zero depth .  which i guess would make it a hill .  or a pile .  of crap .  the acting was horrible .  when i searched for a few of the actors in this movie ,  they had been in very few things that i had heard of ,  and that came as absolutely no surprise .  i can't decide whether to feel sorry for them for the embarrassment of being in a movie this bad ,  or to feel that they should never be offered another acting job again .  starting  .   .   .  now !   ( seinfeld reference .  )  really ,  though ,  don't waste your time with this .  there's so little substance that there's nothing there even just to make fun of .  this was undoubtedly one of the worst slasher flicks -- no ,  one of the worst flicks of any kind ,  that i have ever had the misfortune to watch ,  and i've seen quite a few . 
no ?  didn't think so !  well ,  in that case all you have to do is stay far ,  far away from  " do you wanna know a secret "  ,  as it's just the umpteenth pointless post- " scream "  slasher with absolutely no redeeming value whatsoever .  the plot is extremely ridiculous ;  the characters are insufferably dumb ,  the gore-factor is negligible and the whole thing is just plain boring !  as you can derive from the title already ,  this film is mainly inspired by  " i still know what you did last summer "  ,  as the events take place in a similar setting and the killer's motivations are equally stupid .  why anyone would want to steal ideas from junk like  " ikwydls "  is a complete mystery to me ,  anyway .  at least that film could depend on the precious rack of jennifer love hewitt ,  whereas the girls in this junk are ,  apart from brainless ,  also terribly unattractive .  one year after the still unsolved murder of her boyfriend ,  beth morgan ,  her new adulterous lover and four other simple-minded college students go to florida to spend their spring break holiday in a fancy beach house .  the killer hasn't made a move all year ,  but now he follows the posse to florida and starts butchering them whilst leaving behind the titular message as some sort of business card .  you really don't need to be a horror-expert in order to quickly figure out which face hides behind the unspeakably ridiculous mask and the writers' attempts to put you on the wrong track are downright embarrassing .  since the plot is so thin ,  most of the film is purely irrelevant padding ,  including the sub plots regarding the incompetent floridian police force and the 'mysterious' fbi inspector who seems to have a personal score to settle .  the murder inexplicably happen off screen  ( don't you hate it when that happens ?  )  ,  there isn't even any gratuitous t&a to enjoy and you better don't get me started on the quality of the dialogs .  suffering through crap like this only makes you realize that the delightful spirit of the 80's slashers is gone for good . 
simply awful slasher ,  molded from the i know what you did last summer type of fodder ,  has beautiful wealthy college students spending spring break in a florida condo being murdered one by one .  a misfire in every category imaginable from properly built suspense to the executed death sequences .  . nothing is handled properly and the characters leave little more than caricatures you root to see decimated as quick as possible .  del tenney ( the curse of the living corpse ; i eat your skin )  ,  of all people ,  executive produced ,  co-wrote ,  and stars as a priest in a pivotal role whose relationship to the killer i guess means something to why he's psychotic .  the revelation of the killer is awkwardly handled and ineffective ,  probably not surprising a soul who watches it .  there are a lot of attempted jump scares ,  with one character popping out to frighten their friend ,  which couldn't even manufacture a few cheap thrills ,  because they are so calculated in such a tepid way .  most of the attacks occur off-screen with bleeding throat cuts (  .  . or pools ) representing the only real display of violence .  the protracted finale ,  where the killer goes on and on with the actor desperately trying to make his villain as diabolical and demented as possible ,  is embarrassing and tense-less .  there's not one single positive to derive from this clichéd and dull exercise with the pretty cast making little effort to rise past their one-dimensional roles .  and ,  for pity sake ,  they could've at least allowed us to see joey lawrence get decapitated or something for withstanding the misery of sitting through this junk heap for 90 agonizing minutes .   dorie barton ,  as the heroine final girl ,  beth morgan ,  who the killer seems to be obsessed with ,  couldn't be more vacuous and uninteresting (  .  . oh ,  she was in rehab ,  and takes pills for her nightmares ; such intriguing exposition )  .  chad allen ,  cast against type as a very intimidating  " friend "  of the group (  .  . who happens to disappear from the film first ,  setting up the idea that he's the first victim )  ,  has a tough hill to climb with his role ,  so steep he eventually stumbles ,  rolling uncontrollably with no end in sight .  jeff conaway ,  needing some cash i guess ,  has the beleaguered fbi agent role ,  whose daughter's murder motivates him to seek out the killer ,  leading him to florida .  jack mcgee has his usual a$$hole role as a smart-mouth florida police chief who is often nose to nose with conaway's agent .   oh ,  the answer to the title's question .  . not really .  because once you get the answer ,  you will wonder why you bothered with this anyway . 
suppose you've been on a deserted island the last ten years .  haven't heard of scream and left when halloween part 1 entered the cinema .  then this movie would have been a blast and a completely new vision on the horror scene .   at the moment ,  a 2 . 7 rating is on imdb and it doesn't deserve a that low appreciation .  slashing all the way ,  like  " i know what you did "  ,  and a who-is-it that when getting to the end convinced me of that who-and-why .   no big surprise ,  just a nice flick to watch with a cola ,  popcorn and no urge to get a difficult plot ,  deep characters .  if the video rental is out of the top titles ,  you can take it without a risk ,  but don't expect a masterwork .  i've seen a lot worse . 
a warning to you not to be seduced by the names bigelow and red .  _undertow_ is pointless and unengaging ,  and made me think often of a phrase by twain about wishing all the characters would be drowned together .  when someone brings up the category of worst films ever made ,  it's not the likes of _plan 9_ or _attack of the killer shrews_ that i think of ;  it's the likes of this .  what a complete waste of time--my own and everyone who was involved with this flick . 
just below the surface lies what ?  a simply awful movie is what .   as other viewers have justifiably commented ,  the storm sequences are just plain ridiculous .  chopping already sodden firewood in the pouring rain ?  now that's smart .  menace ?  foreboding ?  sexual tension ?  for those read dull & contrived ,  dull & contrived and dull & overly contrived .   i want to say thank god for mia sara's shower scene but in retrospect i think the producers of the film ,  having seen the completed mess realised that they had to put something in to make it half way worthwhile at all .  so it just becomes yet another contrivance .  do yourself a favour and give this a miss . 
the viewer leaves wondering why he bothered to watch this one ,  or why ,  for that matter ,  anyone bothered to make it .  there is no plot - just random scenes of ridiculous action .  mia sara's shower scene appeals to the male libido ,  but that's not much reason to make a movie . 
robert wagner is the evil boss of digicron ,  a telecommunications company with a virus that kills people .   'so you're saying that the software virus has become a real virus that can kill people - that may be medically possible but not possible from my system'   'i'm having to write some new virus software of my own to trap it - it may take some time'  'but it's not going after software ,  it's killing people'  watch out for the 'i'm into virology' love moment and perhaps first ever film plot to feature death by braille keyboard
i sat through this turkey because i hadn't seen it before ,  and because the premise sounded like it had potential .  it was mildly entertaining until the hurricane sequence .  at the height of the storm ,  the wind is strong enough to blow windows out of the house ,  yet the trees in the background are perfectly upright and not a leaf is moving !  in fact ,  when the characters move outside the house ,  bright sunlight is visible illuminating the treetops .  at that point ,  whatever credence the filmmakers had developed evaporated faster than the highly localized rain in their film .  too bad all hurricanes aren't like this one ,  it would surely help our homeowners insurance rates here in the sunshine state . 
as a premise ,  this backwoods version of the dead calm storyline had promise .   however ,  director eric red's inability to render a convincing hurricane leads to a deluge of continuity and lighting errors .   ultimately ,  the viewer is more spellbound by the bizarre weather effects than the intended storyline .  intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly distracting .   charles dance ,  doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick ,  does his best to save the movie .  but ultimately ,  undertow squeals like a pig  .  .  .  and has more ham to boot . 
oh dear ,  what a horrid movie .   the production was so cheap and nasty .  .  .  remember the shot from  " the natural "  ,  where the lightning hits the tree  ( leaving a glowing stump )  that roy hobbs makes a bat from ?  ?  well the producers of this movie used that same scene to prefix a scene where a tree branch slammed into the house .   i wonder if they paid to use the footage from the natural ,  or did they just hope that no-one who would watch the film would pick it up  ?   then at the end where they were getting trying to get away in the truck .  such over-acting in the cabin .    a really bad film ,  a really bad film . 
the film began with wheeler sneaking into the apartment of his girlfriend .  her aunt  ( edna may oliver--a person too talented for this film )  didn't like wheeler--a sentiment i can easily relate to .  the aunt decided to take this bland young lady abroad to get her away from wheeler .  they left and wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him their king .  at about the same time ,  woolsey was in the same small mythical kingdom and he was made king .  so when wheeler arrived ,  it was up to the boys to fight it out ,  but they refused because they are already friends--which greatly disappointed the people ,  as killing and replacing kings is a national pastime .   i am a huge fan of comedy from the golden age of hollywood--the silent era through the 1940s .  i have seen and reviewed hundreds ,  if not thousands of these films and yet despite my love and appreciation for these films i have never been able to understand the appeal of wheeler and woolsey--the only comedy team that might be as bad as the ritz brothers !  despite being very successful in their short careers in hollywood  ( cut short due to the early death of robert woolsey )  ,  i can't help but notice that practically every other successful team did the same basic ideas but much better .  for example ,  there were many elements of this film reminiscent of the marx brother's film ,  duck soup ,  yet cracked nuts never made me laugh and duck soup was a silly and highly enjoyable romp .  at times ,  woolsey talked a bit like groucho ,  but his jokes never have punchlines that even remotely are funny !  in fact ,  he just seemed to prattle pointlessly .  his only funny quality was that he looked goofy--surely not enough reason to put him on film .  additionally ,  wheeler had the comedic appeal of a piece of cheese--a piece of cheese that sang very poorly !  a missed opportunity was the old vaudeville routine later popularized by abbott and costello as  " who's on first "  which was done in this film but it lacked any spark of wit or timing .  in fact ,  soon after they started their spiel ,  they just ended the routine--so prematurely that you are left frustrated .  i knew that  " who's on first "  had been around for many years and used by many teams ,  but i really wanted to see wheeler and woolsey give it a fair shot and give it their own twist .   once again ,  i have found yet another sub-par film by this duo .  while i must admit that i liked a few of their films mildly  ( such as silly billies and the rainmakers--which i actually gave 6's to on imdb )  ,  this one was a major endurance test to complete--something that i find happens all too often when i view the films of wheeler and woolsey .  where was all the humor ?  ! 
inept ,  boring ,  and incoherent supernatural  " thriller "  in which college student cassie  ( melissa sagemiller )  is the constant victim of hallucinations and nightmares after a car accident claims the life of her boyfriend sean  ( casey affleck )  .   i can't begin to tell you how bad this is .  .  . nothing of any importance ever happens nor is there ever any sort of actual entertainment value .  i did not like this cast in this particular film - they are all sadly unconvincing  ( then again ,  their roles are no good )  .  to promote this as a horror film is a joke .  where are the scares ?  there's no sense or suspense - there are a few good songs but that's about it .   how on earth did this project get the green light ?  writer-director steve carpenter has no discernible vision or talent that i can sense .  worst of all ,  the conclusion really makes the whole movie pointless .   the alleged  " killer cut "  that i watched is 86 minutes of pure tedium .   1/10
what's wrong with this film ?  many ,  many things .  the editing tries too hard to look good ,  and does nothing but confuse the viewer whilst also supplying him/her with a powerful headache .  the plot is muddled and obviously prolonged from what started as a short  ( story or film )  .  the plot only makes for less than ten minutes of good story ,  and this is just stretched out painfully until it reached the minimum length for a feature film .  we all know what happens to things when we stretch them ,  right ?  exactly .  they get thinner .  in the end ,  the plot is just so paper-thin that you might even miss it ,  if you aren't paying attention ,  which is hard to do when watching this movie .  the acting is not even slightly impressive .  the characters are poorly written and dull ,  uninteresting .  one of the worst things that are wrong with this film is that apparently ,  whoever was in charge of the score/soundtrack had no idea what the movie was ,  or what it was supposed to be about ( not that i blame him ,  i couldn't figure it out either )  .  as a result ,  half of the music in the film doesn't fit the scenes at all .  also ,  what was with all the sexual undertones between eliza dushku and the main character ?  naturally ,  this was in order to attract young males ,  but it was just so cheaply done .  and did the first scene have anything to do with the rest of the film ?  on any conceivable level ?  at all ?  the two creepy guys didn't seem to have anything to do with the film at all ,  they were just there in order to have some chase scenes .  i doubt anyone would really enjoy a film so poorly put together and such a shameless and awful hollywood-like attempt at a somewhat interesting idea .  but i digress .  i recommend this to teenagers with low attention spans who don't mind a really bad horror-thriller as long as there's some sex and gore in it ( although that may only be true for the killer cut ,  which i saw )  .  1/10
having seen the hot eliza dushku in the pretty good wrong turn ,  i decided to pick this one up instead of return of the living dead ,  of all movies .  haven't seen that one yet ,  but ,  considering it is one of the most highly acclaimed horror movies ever ,  safe to say i made the wrong choice .  there is simply nothing to recommend this movie ,  and i am talking about the supposedly superior killer cut .  it didn't even have the youthful sex appeal of mediocre to poor movies like i know what you did last summer or valentine or urban legend .  it simply made no sense ,  held no excitement ,  had very little interesting acting or compelling writing .  the release date was apparently put off numerous times for about a year running ,  and the reason is obvious .  the whole movie comes off as a bunch of meaningless scenes thrown together haphazardly ,  to meaningless effect .  get wrong turn instead ,  if you want to see dushku .  i would like to see a movie with her and the super-hot elisabeth harnois--but i don't think even that would have made this movie watchable .  casey affleck ,  so promising in good will hunting ,  is awful here--he seems to lack both intelligence and guts .  that's enough on this one . 
this film concerns a very young girl ,  cassie ,   ( melissa sagemiller )  who leaves her family and heads off to become a college freshman .  one night cassie and her friends decide to go to a wild party with plenty of drinking and dancing and cassie is riding with her boyfriend who she likes but never told him she loved him .  as cassie was driving ,  a car was stopped in the middle of the road and she was unable to avoid an accident and as a result there is a bloody loss of lives along with her boyfriend .  cassie becomes very emotionally upset and has nightmares which cause her to have hallucinations about her boyfriend coming back to life and encounters men trying to murder her and she is struggling to find out who her real friends are ,  who wants her dead and will she survive this entire horror ordeal .  cassie dreams she is being made love to by her boyfriend after he died and finds another guy in her bed and is told she was asking him to make love .  this is a way out film ,  and not very good at all . 
what a bad ,  bad movie !  i tried watching without fast forwarding .  .  . that failed .  after about 30 minutes i stopped the movie ,  went on-line to see how many minutes this disaster was .   ( only 84 minutes ,  whew !  )  it was a confusing ,  boring movie .  i don't think anyone can get knocked down by getting hit with a fluorescent bulb much less gutted by one !  !  the one funny thing is that i watched  " the killer cut "  version of the movie .  the box boldly states  " more blood !  "   " more sex !  "   " more terror than the theatrical release !  "  yikes !  if this movie was horrible with all those claims i wonder just how lame the  " un-killer cut "  was ?  ?  ?  if you want to see a great movie about the world of the living & the world of the dead watch any of the night of the living dead series !  ! 
may i start off by saying that casey affleck is a very talented actor and i respect his work very much .  i wish he was in more movies that showcased his talent .  with this said ,  soul survivors was a very ,  very bad movie .  very bad .   i would have to say that i lay almost all the blame on the poor script .  affleck is a very talented actress ,  wes bentley had an outstanding performance in american beauty ,  melissa sagemiller did well ,  and eliza dushku is currently the it girl in hollywood .  i don't think any of the actors really got into the script ,  and i understand why .  to say that this movie belongs to the horror genre is an overstatement .  it did have the twists and turns you would expect ,  but they just didn't lead anywhere .  .  .  except to more confusion .  i just found the ending very anti-climatic ,  because it just didn't seem to make any sense or really answer any of the questions that i had about the storyline .   i wish i could give this movie a good review ,  but i can't .  in all honesty ,  the only thing i think you will find scary about this movie is that you paid for it . 
this has the logical consistency of marshmallows filled with ketchup ,  and the overall aftertaste is just as disgusting .    will be used in the 9th circle of hell at recreation time .  just plain torture .   i would rather choose to watch 90 minutes of my computer going through 5400 blue screens of death than watch this appalling drivel again - ever .  horrible .  horrible .  horrible .   you know ,  the good thing about swiss cheese is that along with the holes you get some cheese :  here it's only holes - and the excitement factor ?  well that turns watching paint dry into an adrenalin rush and an olympic speed sport .   my brain hurts from trying to work out who ok'd this drivel ,  did they think about the premise ?   ( i sincerely hope not ,  otherwise there is no redemption )  the only consolation is they had the pleasure of sitting through the rushes .  made for tv should not be a synonym for :   " sure ,  let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms !  our audience are idiots !  "   i was hooked just to know how it could get any worse .  this is not a good sign ,  folks .    hallmark should be ashamed for releasing it .   i should be ashamed for watching it .   i am ashamed .  i'm off for a long shower . 
i'm just quite disappointed with  " soul survivors "  .  it doesn't worth even a comment in this forum .  the script is very poor as well as all the  " acting "  and for our entertainment it features a pointless plot .   please ,  do yourselves a favor !  be a real  " survivor "  .  .  . don't waste your time in this piece of crap !  someday you'll thank me ! 
i have anticipated the various sci-fi and thriller type movies this summer but was so disappointed about this particular film .  while some people walked out of the film ,  i decided to stay ,  only to laugh along with the other moviegoers at the acting ,  lack of suspense ,  ridiculous ending and difficult to follow story line .  i found myself almost as confused as the main character in the film .  the only redeeming quality of the film was the soundtrack .  this is one of those budding star films which they later regret doing .  in retrospect ,  i wouldn't even rent this one ,  let alone pay more than $5 to see . 
 .  .  . had i watched it in my teenage years .  this movie was mildly entertaining .  what i liked about soul survivors were the gothic atmosphere during the party scenes ,  and the constant flips between 'dream' and 'reality .   had there not been movies like 'the 6th sense' and 'don't look now' i would have been surprised by the ending . 
steve carpenter cannot make horror movies .  first of all ,  the casting was very wrong for this movie .  the only decent part was the hot brown haired girl from buffy the vampire slayer .  this movies has no gore ( usually a key ingredient to a horror movie )  ,  no action ,  no acting ,  and no suspense ( also a key ingredient )  .  wes bentley is a good actor but he is so dry and plain in this that it's sad .  there were a few parts that were supposed to be funny ( continuing the teen horror/comedy movies )  and no one laughed in the audience .  i thought that this movie was rated r ,  and i didn't pay attention and realized it had been changed to pg-13 .  anyway ,  see this movie if you liked i still know what you did last summer .  that's the only type of person who would find this movie even remotely scary .  and seriously ,  this is to you steve carpenter ,  stop making horror movies .  this movie makes scream look like texas chainsaw massacre . 
melissa sagemiller , wes bentley , eliza dushku and casey affleck play young students at middleton college in the town of middleton . the four teenagers form two love triangles . one night during an ominous full moon they drive and argue along a slippery and twisting mountain road . not looking properly they careen into another car and one or more of them are killed . the ghostly nightmare begins .  .  . pretty lousy and politically correct horror flick without gore and nudity . it's obviously influenced by  " carnival of souls "  . the cinematography is decent , unfortunately there is zero suspense . 4 out of 10-just another instantly forgettable teeny-bopper trash . 
first off let me say that this has to be on the top of my list of boring movies .  nothing ,  and i mean nothing in this movie is even remotely thrilling .  most of it is very confusing and as it progresses you just wish it would end !  !  some people want a movie that makes them  " think "  through the entire thing ,  to which i say .  .  .  " more power to you "  !  !  i on the other hand just want to be entertained .  which brings me back to this stinker ,  entertainment it is not .  this movie is stupid and a complete waste of time .  seems that most here agree also .  most of this didn't make any sense ,  and by the time you think you have one scene figured out another lame scene comes around and .  .  .  . well i guess you see where this is going .  avoid ,  this one sucks .  .  .  . bad !  ! 
i didn't have huge expectations for this film when renting it for $1 at the video store ,  but the box at least showed a little promise with its  " killer cut "  of  " more gore !  more sex !  "  can't go wrong there !  well .  .  .  needless to say ,  the box is a fraud .  how in the hades did actors and actresses of this caliber sign on for a film this low ?   it all opens with a drunken college girl walking out of a frat house or some other building like that and saying some useless crap to her boyfriend  (  ?  )  as a camera on a bad steadicam follows her .  then she gets chased by some dude in a clear plastic mask and grabbed by another .  they slit her wrists for no real reason and you can see when they  " cut "  her that someone drew the cuts with what looks like a crayon .   from there ,  repeat the same theme of the girl getting chased/killed unbrutally by two guys for about 84 more minutes .  add in one tit shot .  that is soul survivors .   i wouldn't have had a problem with this film had the box not frauded me into renting the flick .  if i rent a bad film that claims to have more violence and sex .  .  .  .  i want more violence and sex !  one full frontal shot in 85 minutes from a chick who is clearly androginous and gore that would not scare a child does not cut it .  if this is the killer cut ,  what is the theatrical cut ?  !  of course ,  i doubt this garbage was actually put into theaters in the first place .  shame on the actors in this film .  i could see them making their screen debuts in here because they have not done anything before ,  but they were all established before this was released .  i don't know if it was filmed before they had all been established and the studio sat on the film until they were semi-big names or not .  but what i want to know is .  .  .  .  they really spent $14 million on this film ?  ! 
an incoherent mess with a gratingly deafening sound track ,   " soul survivors "  is the latest entry in the  " who's dead and who's alive "  genre of horror films .  two teenaged couples ,  sean and cassie and matt and annabel ,  prepare to go off to different colleges ,  but before they part until thanksgiving break ,  they attend one last fling at a rave-type party in some burnt-out church at the suggestion of lusciously slutty annabel  ( eliza dushku ,  a . k . a .  faith ,  the other vampire slayer )  .  motiveless creepy guys start paying far too much attention to cassie  ( the generic melissa sagemiller )  for reasons that are never explained ,  and before long ,  the quartet leave the party .  driving away in their suv ,  they are pursued and then passed by the motiveless creepy guys ,  who promptly and inexplicably do an intentional 180 in the middle of the highway ,  causing a nasty and fatal accident as the suv flips over an embankment and plunges into a river .  sean is killed  ( or is he ?  )  ,  and cassie spends the rest of the movie coping with loneliness and guilt  ( she was driving )  when she's not being haunted by sean's ghost or chased by those motiveless creepy guys .  much unexplained incoherence follows as cassie's mental state degenerates further ,  until we reach the predictable conclusion .  so ,  who is dead and who is alive ?  after ninety minutes of this purgatory ,  who actually cares ? 
this is not a very good movie ,  but it's not a stinker either .  it is very confusing and unnecessarily long so rent it at your own risk .   my gf and i have figured this movie out  ( we think )  so here it is :   ***major spoilers below***  firstly ,  this movie is actually quite simple after you remove all of the confusing unconscious-dream-state junk  ( 95% of the movie .  )   ignoring the junk ,  what really happened is this :  a group of school friends go to a rave one night .  they leave and get into a car accident where everyone but cassie and sean die .  that's the simple cut down version .   ( that's right ,  i said sean ,  bear with me )   right after the accident ,  cassie lays in the hospital stuck in between life & death right up until the very end of the movie .  this is where the dream part starts .   the movie is called soul survivors ,  right ?  cassie's mind and soul carries on after the accident interacting with the other souls  ( annie ,  matt ,  raven ,  the 2 weirdos and jude )  along with images conjured up by her mind  ( sean ,  school and everything else around her )  .  the souls continue doing what they were defined as :  annie the rave-going chick ,  the 2 weirdo-killers  ( from opening scene )  ,  father jude still helping people etc .   we are then taken on a very long ride ,  shown lots of images  ( many of which my gf and i still can't tie in )  but it all boils down to it not being cassie's time to die .   at the end ,  cassie wakes up in the hospital after being  " dead "  for a while .  her family and sean are there .  this is reality again .  she's ok .   then the director adds a little extra spice by trying to confuse us again by showing a little dream snippet of her in the wheelchair being strangled .  but this part is really just a nightmare ,  and she wakes up beside sean ,  obviously still dealing with her traumatic experience .   due to space restrictions ,  we didn't cover every little thing ,  but feel free to drop us an e-mail if you want to .   
i wanted to watch this movie because of eliza dushku ,  but she only has a smaller part in it ,  and her character isn't very likable .  however ,  the main character ,  played by melissa sagemiller ,  is extremely beautiful and a perfect delight to look at throughout the movie .  this is really nothing but a showcase for her looks and talent .  she does a very good job .   the story itself is ,  on the face of it ,  pretty nonsensical .  after a car crash ,  some friends are possibly dead ,  but keeps on living their previous lives ,  while all sorts of mysterious things happen .  some bad guys are after them ,  but we never really find out who they are  ( possibly they were the ones in the other car ,  but we certainly don't hear anything about why they are after them )  .  the final scenes especially seem filmically ambitious ,  but i can't get anything coherent out of it .  the opening scene ,  where the bad guys  ( who wear some strange masks )  cut a blond girl's wrist and gather up some of her blood is never explained or followed up on .  unless the bad guys are supposed to be a representation of the surgeons who're trying to pull cassie  ( sagemiller )  back from the dead .  .  .  but no ,  that doesn't seem to work .  the bad guys are just bad guys ;  they really just mess up a story that might otherwise have been interesting .  in a supernatural story about death and love and sacrifice ,  who the hell needs bad guys ?   3 out of 10 . 
 ( a possible spoiler or two )      " soul survivors "  is quite possibly the worst theatrical released movie ever .  nothing makes sense at all ,  there's some plot about a girl who has strange visions of people who may or may not be dead .  the entire movie is just a bunch of random shots of things that don't really tie together ,  by the end of the film .     tha acting is non-existent ,  the camera work is jerky and the script is so confusing ,  it just makes the movie even harder to watch .    i kept waiting for something to tie the movie together but nothing came .  definitely the worst film of the year .  -****1/2 stars . 
i didn't expect much from this tv movie .  you have to set the bar lower than you would for midget limbo for any tbs movie starring antonio sabato jr .  still ,  it managed to disappoint ,  failing even to be a good-bad film .   every scene was by rote ,  as if someone had cut and pasted scenes from a dozen movies and tv shows dealing with big business conspiracies into the script ,  leaned back and said ,   " my work is done "  .  it's all cliche ,  all predictable ,  and ,  even worse ,  the actors are forced to look like they're taking it seriously ,   ( even when the plot developments are laughable )  .   do yourself a favor .  watch  " the x-files "  if you're in the mood for paranoia .  they handle it better .  also ,  let anyone know that sitting through  " fatal error "  is just that . 
if the writer/director is reading this  ( and i imagine you are since you should now be out of work )  then i must tell you - i have seen some bad movies in my time but this one gets the distinction of having the worst premise i've ever heard .   spoilers - nothing happens !    a total waste of time .  i laughed out loud at the end .    side note -  ( if the whole movie was her in a coma then does the scene where she sleeps with that guy mean someone raped her while she was knocked out ?  )   utter rubbish . 
like a relative that gives you a bad gift ,  soul survivors has its heart in the right place but trips up with a bad execution .  stephen carpenter's writing/directing effort borrows freely from other ,  better films ,  such as jacob's ladder and abre los ojos  ( open your eyes )  .  for those who haven't seen either of these films ,  i won't give the premise away ;  suffice to say it's not nearly as well handled here than in those two superior films .   melissa sagemiller stars as cassie ,  about to go away to college .  her current boyfriend sean  ( ben affleck )  and ex-boyfriend matt  ( wes bentley )  ,  both friends ,  and annabel  ( acerbic eliza dushku )  are in a car accident after being pursued by two killers  (  ?  )  in transparent masks .  she survives the wreck ,  but while attending college has visions of the hospital ordeal and dead people reappear and disappear ,  leaving her in a state of total confusion :  who is dead ?  who's alive ?  what's real ?   soul survivors has the look of a bad been-there ,  done-that ,  gore-filled ,  blood-splattered ,  body-stacking teen exploitation flick .  true ,  it has its share of killer-stalking-the-victim scenes  ( plentiful ,  repetitive ,  and mind-numbing )  ,  but at least it attempts to build suspense through ideas rather than cliches ,  unfortunately rather unsuccessfully .  it breeds confusion much more often than cohesion ,  as the story becomes jumbled ,  messy and incoherent near key points of the mystery  ( predictable as it is .  )   horror fans who pick up a copy will have no idea they are in for a film that is more concerned with building an uneasy facade of reality than delivering a body count .  credit goes to carpenter for attempting to create something beyond a derivative teen horror flick ;  too bad he's created a derivative psychological thriller .  sagemiller also deserves kudos for showing strength in the central performance ,  actually developing her character and evoking some sense of emotion as the unraveling cassie .  it's great the filmmakers try something different ,  but the film ends up a mixed bag and failed experiment .   4 out of 10
final score :  1 . 8  ( out of 10 )   after seeing 'jay and silent bob strike back' i must have been on a big eliza dushku kick when i rented this movie .  'soul survivors' is a junk  " psychological thriller "  dressed up like a trashy teen slasher flick - even to the point of having a masked killer stalk a cast of young up-and-comers like dushku ,  wes bentley  ( american beauty )  ,  casey affleck  ( drowning mona )  and likable star melissa sagemiller .  luke wilson is also in there ,  ridiculously miscast as a priest .  the movie ,  the brainchild of writer/director stephen carpenter ,  seems like a mutant offspring of 'open your eyes' or 'vanilla sky' and movies where a character  ( and the audience )  is caught in a world of dillusion caused by an accident/death .  the movie keeps churning out perplexing images and leaves us in a state of confusion the entire running time until this alternate reality is finally resolved .  i don't think these movies are that entertaining- by their very nature- to begin with ,  but 'ss' is rock-bottom cheap trash cinema any way you slice it .  the visuals ,  the script ,  the acting and the attempt at any originality all are throwaway afterthoughts to movies like this .  plus ,  it's pg-13 so it doesn't even deliver the gore or t&a to sustain it as a guilty pleasure  ( even the unrated version is tame )  .  i had heard that the movie contained some  " hot "  shower scene between dushku & sagemiller .  as the movie fell apart in front of me and all other entertainment seemed to be lost i found myself waiting patiently for the shower scene - at least i would get something out of this .  then it comes :  the two girls get paint on their shirts ,  they jump in the shower fully clothed and scrub it off .  that's it .  people thought this was hot ?  'soul survivors' is one of those drop-dead boring movies that is so weak and inept that it is hard to have any feelings at all toward it .  it puts out nothing and is hardly worth writing about .  in the end it leaves us empty .  carpenter's finale is a mess of flashing light and pounding sound and that's probably the most lively part .  it will no doubt be making the rounds as a late night staple on usa or the sci-fi channel ,  due to it's low cost and pg-13 rating - and that's probably best for it . 
this su*k !  why do they have to make movies that they must know su*k from the beginning ?  i mean ,  look at alien from 1977 .  if the movie you´r about to make is not better than anything made billions of years before ,  why make it ?  i had problems with the plot and who the main character was .  that's not good either . 
i saw this movie a long time ago .  .  .  luckily it was for free .  i have to be one of the maybe twenty people who saw this movie in the theater .  i don't remember a whole bunch of it ,  but i do remember i was incredibly bored ,  the plot made no sense and when i came out of the theater the only thing i could say was at least now i know what the worst movie i ever saw was .  i just was incredibly bothered by one thing :  if they can make the temperature as they approach the sun low enough for humans to survive ,  why can't they turn it down to a comfortable temperature instead of being all hot and sweaty ?  how stupid do they think we are ? 
the world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the sun to avert catastrophe by firing a bomb into its fiery heart :  yes ,  it's solar crisis ,  aka crisis 2050 ,  which burned up a huge chunk of change that's never apparent on screen back in 1990 and returned barely enough to buy a happy meal for each of the cast in japan before going straight to video  ( remember them ?  )  in a re-edited version credited to one alan smithee .  the plot hook's pretty much the same as sunshine - suicide mission to the sun ,  saboteur on board ,  logic cast adrift - except that this time they're not trying to reignite the sun but to prematurely detonate a solar flare before it can reach earth .  with a talking bomb .  voiced by paul williams .  who wants to be promoted so the crew will take him more seriously given that the cast also includes jack palance at his most dementedly ott ,  charlton heston at his most rigid ,  top-liner tim matheson at his most anonymous ,  the original hills have eyes' unforgettable michael berryman  ( you may not remember the name ,  but you do remember that face )  and peter boyle as the industrialist out to sabotage the mission because ,  er ,  if it succeeds the world will be saved but his share price will go down ,  you'd expect if not a laugh-a-minute at least a laugh every reel .  no joy .  this is the worst kind of bad movie :  a boring one .  the fate of the world may be hanging in the balance but the whole film is shot with a complete lack of urgency or momentum at the same unvarying deadly slow pace .  there's low-key and there's walking through it ,  but here the cast don't even do that .  instead ,  they just stand still looking at screens in near darkness for most of the time .  you keep on hoping for paul williams' talking bomb to suffer an existential crisis ,  but instead the film just .  .  .  stands there ,  doing next to nothing .  literally .  this is one of the most inert movies ever made  so inert that if clive owen had been cast ,  he'd almost have looked lively by comparison .  even a poorly explained suicidal repair attempt fails to raise a fritter of interest since it mostly involves ,  yep ,  the cast just standing still looking at screens in near darkness .  even when the bomb prematurely goes into countdown before being launched they deal with the new crisis by standing still looking at screens in near darkness as if they had all the time in the world .  merchant-ivory films have better action scenes .   things aren't much livelier down on earth where the movie spends most of it's running time with matheson's son/chuck's grandson corin nemec trying to hitch a ride to the spaceport across an arid landscape with palance's insane desert artist  " looking for that note out there while the chicks still dig me "  while waylaid by rejects from a mad max ripoff and evil corporate suits who track him down so they can release him on a nice beach .  just don't expect logic ,  if you haven't already guessed that much .  best moment ?  a ditzy girl in a bar describing jack palance as  " an old guy with white hair and a face like rotting leather ,  "  though chucky baby taking out the villain's aircraft with a bazooka fired from the hip from an office window or beating up a barfly who likes his beret are welcome morsels of camp in a film that for 99% of it's running time offers a whole lot of nuttin' .  richard c .  sarafian's slightly longer original cut that played in japan offers an additional six minutes but cries out to be cut down to a more manageable 17 minutes :  the director of vanishing point must have thanked his lucky stars when the re-edit gave him an excuse to take his name off the film .  a film so bad it's not good ,  and painfully unfunny with it
yet another movie with an interesting premise and some wondrous special effects falling right into the trash can .   boring direction and performances  ( with the exception of the lovely annabel schofield who is much cuter as a brunette and probably deserves better material ,  and the ever earnest charlton heston )  earn the rating of a real stinker .   it's amazing to watch heston perform up to his usual par and display how really bad this movie is .  he even plays in a sub-plot that kept me interested just to see how it tied back into the main line of the movie .  the way they ended up resolving it was that they didn't .  it simply falls off the end .   really .  don't waste your time on this one . 
i had high hopes for this film ,  since it has charlton heston and jack palance .  but those hopes came crashing to earth in the first 20 minutes or so .  palance was ridiculous .  not even heston's acting or annabel schofield's beauty  ( or brief nude scenes )  could save this film .  some of the space effects were quite good ,  but others were cheesy .  the plot was ludicrous .  even sci-fi fans should skip this one .  grade f
one of the requirements of science fiction ,  at least before it starts to become satire ,  is that it be somewhat plausible .  i would think that an anti-matter bomb would do considerably more damage than for what it was intended .  but i'll leave that to the physicists who might have seen solar crisis .   it is a crisis the earth is facing because solar flares are getting totally out of hand .  they're getting close to earth ,  so much so that it's become unseasonably hot ,  as if the entire earth were death valley .  the answer is an anti-matter bomb which a space ship will have to take to the sun and explode it there .  that will divert the flares off in say the direction of say mercury providing it's not in direct alignment with the earth .    who to deliver it ,  but captain tim matheson and his crew .  that is if he can keep his mind on the business at hand and not on runaway son ,  corin nemec .  taking care of the personal side of the family problems is admiral charlton heston ,  matheson's father ,  and nemec's grandfather .   there's a villain here too ,  peter boyle who is the ceo of a multi-national corporation which in this crisis is trying to control the world's food supply for the survivors .  the idea he might not survive doesn't enter into his thinking .  he's doing his best to sabotage matheson's mission .   solar crisis seems like a bad mix of 2001 ,  a space odyssey and voyage to the bottom of the sea .  boyle seems to be taking his cue from gene hackman as lex luthor in superman ,  apparently he's the only one in the cast who realizes he's in a turkey and overacts accordingly .   the rest of the cast are stalwart ,  true blue and dull .  except possibly desert rat jack palance who finds nemec and cares for him .    the key here is that the film was directed by that noted hollywood purveyor of flop films ,  allen smithee .  the film gets as much as four stars for the cast involved and it was out in time for a thanksgiving carving . 
it was one of those late night  " it's there "  i saw it things .  sometimes they are great .  this one was awful ,  but it really shouldn't have been .   the movie had a really good cast .  how can you fail when you have charlsten heston and jack pallance ?  we're talking oscar winner turf here .  it had good special effects .  it even had some really good tits !  and i mean nicely shown ,  full breast with full nipple and at one point even some beaver .  but it didn't compensate for the one missing ingredient - a story !  the plot was ludicrous .  i don't mean the  " solar crisis "  sun exploding stuff ,  but that was bad enough .  it was the rest of the stuff - the oh so stupid and totally predictable evil corporation stuff .  man that just stank !  no amount of good acting or cool space ships or fight scenes could get around that one .   i have seen the same cast members be incredibly good .  i have seen wonderful science fiction movies that had miniscule casts and budgets .  all the difference is in the writing . 
extremely disappointing film based on the james michener novel .   what was even worse was marlon brando's performance .  his southern drawl was ridiculous .  i found myself laughing when he spoke as he sounded like an elderly southern lady coming home to roost .  brando ,  so great in previous films ,  was reduced here to a laughing stock .  tyrone power ,  in  " witness for the prosecution ,  "  should have been nominated for best actor instead of brando here .   the film ,  dealing with racism ,  dealt with the u . s .  government's attempt to avoid marriages between u . s .  soldiers and japanese women .   brando was stone-faced throughout the movie .  his moving from anti-these relationships to a pro one occurs when he finds love with an asian woman .  his emotions and talk made it difficult to see how he could espouse such new views .   only the lord knows why red buttons and miyoshi umeki received supporting oscars for their performances .  nothing about either performance was equally impressive .  umeki's appearance on the screen was short and without much of anything being depicted on her part .  a better performance in this film was done by miiko taka ,  who did nicely as brando's love interest .  she showed great emotion as the anti-american who found love with the brando character .  her face was etched with the unhappiness she had for losing her father and brother in world war 11 .  she realized that her dancing was not her way out of this existence that she was living .   martha scott went from the hebrew mother yochobel in  " the ten commandments "  to the bigoted mother of brando's love interest at first .  her performance together with the one of ricardo montalban was wasted .  patricia owens ,  as brando's first love ,  showed depth and conviction in her performance . 
disowned by richard c .  sarafian ,  this disaster stunk up japanese theaters before coming to the states and going immediately to video ,  where it was not seen again until the turner networks needed something other than infomercials to fill their 3am-6am time slots and found this tape at the bottom of their bin .  the smithee name is supposed to be used when the studio hacks the movie so badly that the director no longer wants his name attached to it .  but i'm afraid that sarafian can not blame the studio entirely on this one .  the actors ,  mostly recent graduates of  " overacting 101 "  ,  deliver one cornball line after another .  the plot is convoluted .  the special effects are unimpressive .  the parts that aren't laughable are just plain boring .  the script or the book must have been good - why else would palance ,  matheson ,  boyle ,  or heston agree to appear in this dud ?  but something went horribly wrong from the page to the screen .  summary :  avoid .  not even bad enough to be so-bad-it's-good . 
i picked this title up from a friend who had it sitting in his exhaustive dvd/video/laserdisc collection ,  so luckily i didn't personally have to pay for it .  i had an inkling that it would be a bad film ,  but i know what a truly bad film is after watching greats like children shouldn't play with dead things and the incredibly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed-up zombies ,  and now there is truly nothing that fazes me unless it is astoundingly bad .   solar crisis is bad ,  but it doesn't reach that sweet spot of absolute pain that some movies are at .   anyway ,  the general plot is that the sun is about to unleash a huge solar flare towards the earth that will essentially destroy it .  in order to counter-act this imminent threat ,  humanity has assembled a spaceship and crew whose duty it is to fire an antimatter bomb  ( which the opening describes as  " the biggest explosive ever "  )  into the sun ,  which through some convoluted sci-fi logic will cause the flare to shoot out at a different angle ,  leaving earth unharmed .   never mind that what i have just described to you sounds like a bad episode of the original star trek .  even with an ensemble cast  ( charlton heston ,  peter boyle ,  and jack palance )  ,  solar crisis can barely manage that level of mediocrity ,  thanks to a plot that starts simple ,  yet becomes increasingly nonsensical as time wears on .   the crowning achievement of this debacle of a movie is the addition of a villain character  ( played by boyle )  who insists on sabotaging the mission .  through means that are never explained ,  he sends an evil minion with an embarrassingly bad haircut to exercise some sort of vague electronic mind control over the space crew's genetically engineered scientist ,  played by female lead annabel schofield .  why is he sabotaging the mission ?  because by his moronic viewpoint ,  he believes the flare won't happen and that when it doesn't ,  he will become fabulously wealthy because he has dug his evil claws into the stock market .  in effect ,  you have a villain with the most absurdly stupid motivation imaginable .   the film's plot becomes amazingly convoluted and develops very slowly ,  in time tapping the use of characters who have only vague or uselessly brief roles in the storyline .  i could sit here and explain in detail precisely what happens to demonstrate the sheer inability of the screenwriter to make a plot that actually clicks or holds your attention ,  but i am sitting here writing this review on microsoft word and i know for a fact that this would take three pages ,  and i would only succeed in losing your interest .  but then again ,  you would probably get the same effect from watching the film .   anyway ,  the film is miserably bogged down with exceedingly poor dialogue .  imagine if all that ever happened on the star trek enterprise was that the characters spewed sci-fi jargon back and forth at each-other .  yes ,  i know ,  they already do that ,  but imagine if that's all they did ,  and that they used said jargon to set up vague and near-nonsensical scenes that produce no excitement ,  tension ,  or interest in the viewer whatsoever .   this is best exemplified at the point when a character in a zero-g environment screws a bolt back onto a metal box before proceeding to cry in agony for a couple of minutes before suddenly exploding .  the script alludes previously to the character risking an explosion ,  but doesn't bother to give any solid answer as to why or how this occurs ,  nor why he can't really escape .  in totality ,  you have a sorry cross between the bizarre and the laughable .   then we have several scenes where dramatic build-up leads to nothing .  jack palance's performance is wasted on a character that serves only to drive the boy hero  ( don't ask )  around the desert ,  before getting roughed up and killed by a bunch of suits .  on his death-bed ,  palance finally tells our boy hero his last name  ( while wearing a horrible bruised makeup job that makes it look like somebody put a balloon under his eyeball )  ,  which he kept quiet about before .  colonel travis j .  richards .  the boy repeats it quietly after he expires ,  giving viewers the impression that the name is of some significance later on in the film .  perhaps charlton heston's grizzled admiral character knows him and the plot will advance thereby once his name is repeated .  something .  anything .   nope .  sorry .  any hopes you have will be dashed when this moment turns out only to be another of many pathetic ,  failed attempts at creating dramafor a character so flat and hackneyed that it will forever be a stain on palance's career ,  just as those of the rest of the cast are similarly marred .   completing the film is a painfully abrupt ending featuring schofield piloting the bomb into the center of the sun in an effort to redeem her deeds while under the villain's spell ,  a climax which features another of the film's considerably well-done visual effects sequences that ,  even for the visibly elaborate care put into them ,  still always manage to make the film look just as chintzy as it really is .  the saddest part about this film is the obviously large budget ,  tragically wasted on a stinker of a script and a supporting cast behind boyle ,  heston ,  and palance that manage to nail the coffin shut with pure over-acting .   grade :  d-
oh the hilarity !  oh the joy !  another film that is so bad it's good !  or ,  so i thought .  in actual fact ,  this one misses the  " so bad its good "  phase and goes ,  sadly ,  straight to the  " could have been so bad its good ,  but they screwed it up and made it plain bad "  .   for a start its way too long .  cut half an hour and it might have been more endurable .  then put in such ludicrous plots as  " the man who is sabotaging the mission to save the earth ,  because he has all the food stockpiled and he'll be rich if the mission fails !  "  .  duh !  .  or the  " talking bomb "  plot device last seen in dark star .  guess what .  .  .  . just like in dark star ,  the bomb has a malfunction .  .  .  .  . hmmmm .  add in a dash of  " we can't act our way out of a kindergarten play "  and you have solar crisis in a nutshell .   light relief is to be had in the form of jack palance  ( or jack pants ,  as we called him in this flick )  ,  whose sole purpose in the film is to drive a kid around the desert and telephone the kid's dad to come pick him up .  .  .  . eventually .  between driving and phoning ,  jack dispenses pointless drivel and leers and cackles a lot ,  but contributes little to the story ,  such as it is .  in short ,  he's the best bit of the movie .   my award for  " the most ironic line delivered straight-faced "  goes to charlton heston ,  who ,  when meeting his eldest son for the first time in ages ,  comments that his son looks a little  " out of shape "  whilst he himself is standing there with his gut bulging over his waistband and in dire need of a captain kirk corset .   also amusing is the bad guy's top henchman ,  who has a bright white hairstyle that kept making me think of andy warhol ,  for some reason .   apart from these hilarities ,  there's little to recommend this movie .  the ending is a sequence copied from  ( but mercifully shorter than )  the end sequence from 2001 .   tips for enjoying this movie more ,  if you are foolish enough to watch it ,  like i did :   1 .  any time the bomb speaks ,  imagine it's called tarquin  ( trust me ,  it works !  )   2 .  whenever chuck heston is on screen and about to speak ,  pre-empt him by reciting a line from planet of the apes such as  " get your filthy paws off me !  "  or similar .   3 .  whenever the female lead is looking stressed  ( this is most of the time )  keep hoping against hope that she's having an aneurism and will die soon .   4 .  during the interminable  " the ship's broke again "  scenes ,  keep hoping the tech/engineer guys will spout a scotty-ism like  " you cannae change the laws of physics !  "  or some such crap .   other than that ,  do what it takes to get you through this one .  i dozed off half way through and woke to realise i hadn't missed anything ,  nor had the plot  ( laughable though it is )  advanced any .  so don't worry about tuning out for a few ,  you won't miss anything . 
when i had first heard of  " solar crisis "  then got a load of the cast ,  i wondered why i had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before .  then i saw it .   now i know .   for a movie that encompasses outer space ,  the sun ,  vast deserts and sprawling metropolises ,  this is an awfully cramped and claustrophobic feature ;  it feels like everyone is hunkered close together so the camera won't have to pull too far back .   and the effects ,  while good ,  are pretty underwhelming ;  we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare .  but other than shouting ,  sweating and a red glow about everything ,  there's no real feel of emergency .   don't get me started about the cast .  what heston ,  palance ,  matheson ,  boyle ,  et al are doing in this movie without even bothering to act with any feel for the material is anyone's guess .  makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in hollywood .  .  .  .   and as far as the end goes .  .  .  .  well ,  let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's too little too late in an effort like this .  if it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film ,  maybe i would have heard of  " solar crisis "  sooner .   two stars .  mostly for lost opportunities and bad career moves .    i wonder how alan smithee keeps his job doing junk like this ? 
the movie lacks credence with the helicopters which didn't exist until the 1950s .  but no woman would do what was done here ,  even a woman before the women's movement of the 60s and 70s .  about the only portion of the movie that you could believe in was that germany would want to know where the landing would be .  ignore for the moment that the british had captured all the spies but even if they had not ,  they wouldn't have let one roam around like this just to reassure the germans that the landing would be at calais .  it isn't one major thing that makes the movie not work .  it is the culmination of all the things wrong that makes the movie fail .  bad directing ,  bad scripts ,  no attempt at authenticity  ( at all )  all combine to just make the movie fall flat .  generally speaking spies should fade into the woodwork .  the suspense comes in with the spy wondering if the information they have is valid or not and worrying about being detected .  on this one that game was over from the start .  this spy was doing anything but spying .  your only chance at getting something that has some credibility and instills some suspense may be to read the book . 
to make a good movie you either need excellent actors or an excellent director .  you need at least one of the two .  in this eye of the needle we have none .   i don't even remember the name of the director .  he mustn't have done much in his career .  i like very much donald sutherland but he absolutely cannot be the main actor in a movie .  he falls short .  sutherland is excellent in a movie when he appears for not more than 15 minutes .  i would say for instance that sutherland was excellent in jfk of oliver stone when he talked to kevin costner on the bench of a park for 10 minutes non-stop without even taking a breath .  wonderful .  but sutherland being the principal actor in a movie is no good .   kate nelligan ?  she is probably good for tv series .  the dvd is awful .  terrible colors .  terrible light .  i couldn't even appreciate the scenery of storm island for how lousy the photography was .   this ken follett story was good but it's a pity they turned it into an uninteresting movie . 
i don't know what it is about donald sutherland's acting style ,  or vocal style ,  but he always seems to be acting from behind a massive wad of soggy kleenex .  he's just .  .  . i don't know ,  thick ?  somnambulistic ?  on meds ?  weird .   that said ,  i just saw the flick again for the first time since its original release ,  and frankly ,  i don't remember it ending anything like that .  a bad ending ,  too ,  because nothing gets tied off .  what about the dead husband ?  the annoying child  ( and was the kid dubbed ?  )  ?  the scotland yard and military pursuers ?  i would have liked something wrapping things up and giving some dramatic closure to it all ,  not just the big panoramic pull-away .   and what woman sleeps with the man she knows just killed her husband ?  even if she was trying to allay needle's suspicions to protect her kid ,  she could always have had a headache .  that last encounter made me feel way too itchy and uncomfortable .  .  . 
i am partly a fan of miyazaki's work .  i say  " partly "  because most of his films fall into two categories :  brilliant ,  and boring .  sadly this film falls into the later category .   this film suffers from the same fundamental problems as miyazaki's recent film  " howl's moving castle "  .  an intriguing premise is set up ,  but then immediately reduced to little more than a backdrop for some unfathomable events that only serve to confuse the plot rather than explain it .   the first third of the film reveals the post-apocalyptic world the story is set in ,  and actually looks like an very interesting story is about to unfold .  from then on things go down hill .  the middle part of the film is mostly made up of thinly-veiled eco-propaganda ,  and the ending is heavily marred by the reliance on the kind of impenetrable spiritualism which ruins a large number of japanese animated films .   overall the film feels as though someone ripped out every other page from the script before passing it on the the animators .  what is left is something which is visually stunning  ( although sadly the version i saw was an nth-generation copy ,  with poor colour - which gives rise to the common myth that nausicaa shows her bare bottom when flying )  ,  but which makes little sense and ultimately left me confused . 
 ( this is a review of the later english release by disney ,  featuring alison lohman ,  patrick stewart ,  and co .  )    i really wanted this film to be good .  really ,  really .  i'm a huge fan of princess mononoke and spirited away ,  and after seeing all the glowing reviews on this earlier miyazaki film ,  i was eager to see it .  but i was shocked ,  shocked i say ,  at the quality of this film .  those later films boast well-crafted plots ,  3-dimensional characters ,  and the best film music since .  .  . well .  .  . ever .  this film just doesn't come close .   might as well start w/ the positive aspects ,  though .  like all miyazaki films ,  this one is still very imaginative ,  with a bizarre fantasy/sci-fi setting ,  in a post-apocalyptic world where insects are the dominant species .  nausicaa can also boast some far superior animation to other films from its time .   ( though not as beautiful and fluid as miyazaki's later films )  and the english voice acting is quite well done .   but this film .  .  . just .  .  . isn't .  .  . good .  .  .  the characters are all cardboard - from saccharine sweet little nausicaa ,  to the ruthlessly evil tolmekians ,  to everyone in between .  once you've seen each of them for 30 seconds ,  you've seen all there is .  and the fact that the plot just ambles along doesn't help .   then there's the music .  .  .  now ,  hisaichi is hands down my favorite film composer ,  but nausicaa doesn't do him justice .  half the music is 80's keyboards on overdrive ,  and it usually enters and leaves so abruptly that it distracts the visuals rather than helping them .  i highly suspect that hisaichi was told to compose a lot of the music before he even saw the picture .   but wait !  there's a great message with this film ,  right ?  !  let's all save the environment !  too bad that this film hits you over the head with it like a sledgehammer .  there is a scene in which nausicaa hugs a tree .  no ,  really .  i ain't kidding .   it makes me a little sad to talk about how lame this film is .  but for some reason all the other reviews on imdb seem to adore it .  and when the characters have to talk to themselves in extended sentences to tell you what's going on ,  that's lame .   if you're the kind of person who worships anime ,  enjoys 80's music ,  and plants a tree every arbor day ,  you will probably like this film .  otherwise ,  save your money for his later films ,  because they rock big time . 
tom wolfe's sprawling ,  brilliantly observed satiric novel of life among new york snobbery gets a glossy look here but is nevertheless not well served .  the film suffers not merely from the miscasting of everyman tom hanks as an uncaring yuppie ,  kewpie-doll melanie griffith as a manipulative southern belle and bruce willis  (  ?  !  )  as the darling of new york's literati .  the most serious miscasting was in the director's chair .  robert altman might have breathed life into these unlikeable characters and made them interesting ,  but brian de palma ,  for all of his visual sophistication ,  has never had an eye for the nuances of the human experience .  the resulting film looks good but seems blah toward its subject of dehumanization in favor of status .  honestly ,  if a satire does not make the viewer angry ,  what is the point ? 
based on tom wolfe's satirical novel that was praised by all  ( i have not read it yet )  tom hanks stars as a wall streeter who accidentally kills a black boy while lost in a bad part of nyc willis stars as the reporter who starts hanks on his downward spiral .  .  the characters are very thin and there seems to be no empathy for anyone in this movie and for a comedy or a satire there arent a lot of laughs either .  . melanie griffith had her breasts done during filming so a fun thing to do is to see if her boobs change size during different parts of the film .  . this will keep your mind off other things like the lack of script or humor .  .  on a scale of one to ten .  . 3
i was expecting a little something from  " k-911 "  ,  i mean it did look like a cute movie that i could get into .  i always did love the dog comedy movies .  but it looked like it was supposed to be jame's movie ,  not jerry lee's .  the plot was pretty lame and the two love interests really didn't have chemistry to begin with .  not to mention that james seemed to have a total sexist view in the movie despite the fact the writer wasn't going in that direction .  james just really ticked me off for more than half the film .  the dogs were the true stars and that's pretty sad that they out shined the actors .   so ,  i'm glad it's not just me on imdb who agrees that this was a pretty stupid movie .  but hopefully ,  james will realize it was his brother jim who was the talented one ,  no offense ,  but not everyone can be their star sibling .  don't you wish ashlee simpson would take that same advice ?   : d   3/10
as someone who has both read the novel and seen the film ,  i have a different take on why the film was such a flop .  first ,  any comparisons between novel and film are purely superficial .  they are two different animals .   the novel is probably intended as a satire ,  but it arrives as a cross between tragedy and polemic instead .  any comedic elements such as those which later formed the stylistic basis of the film version are merely incidental to the author's uniformly cynical thrust .  and lest the omnipresent white suit of the author fool you into thinking this is another mark twain ,  think again .  a more apt literary precedent would be the spectre of ambrose bierce in a top hat and tails .  tom wolfe is equal parts clown and hack ,  more celebrity than author ,  always looking for new grist for his self-absorbed mill .    it is therefore no wonder that the excellent production skills and direction lavished on the making of the film were doomed from the start .  unlike true satire ,  which translates very well into film ,  polemics are grounded not in universally accessible observations on some form or other of human behavior ,  but in a single-minded attack on specific people -- whether real or fictional straw men -- who have somehow earned the wrath of the writer .  any effort to create a successful filmed story or narrative from such a beginning must have a clean start ,  free of the writer's influence or interference .   having said that ,  i too find fault with the casting .  it is not merely that incompetents like bruce willis and melanie griffith fail to measure up ,  but that real talents like tom hanks ,  f .  murray abraham ,  and morgan freeman are either totally wasted or given roles that are mere caricatures .   there is enough topical material here for a truly great film satire ,  but it fails to come even close . 
the point of wolfe's original novel -- indeed the point of the whole story -- is that things take place because of a carefully calculated sense of expediency .  the goal is survival within a particular kind of life style .  the novel is full of malice .  the only relationship that rings emotionally true is that between sherman and his daughter ,  campbell ,  and that's only touched upon .  that aside ,  everyone is out for what he can get in the way of publicity ,  power ,  money or self aggrandizement .   wolfe was criticized for hitting every character and every social segment of new york city over the head .  his response was a denial .  after all ,  he lived in new york himself and belonged to a neighborhood improvement committee and other admirable organizations ,  exactly the qualifications one would want on his resume in order to deny that he disliked new yorkers .   ( wolfe has a phd in american studies from yale and is no dummy .  )  those supposed weaknesses are what made the novel memorable .  nobody was any good .  and sherman mccoy wound up broke ,  a professional protester for social justice .  the movie throws all of that away and imposes a moral frame on the story that simply doesn't fit .  wolfe did his homework .  the novel was rooted in reality .  every event was not only possible but thoroughly believable .  wolfe might have made a great cultural anthropologist -- he knows how to get inside a system and record its details .   yes ,  any of us might have found ourselves ,  as sherman and his mistress do ,  stuck in the south bronx ,  threatened by a couple of black kids ,  and making a getaway after bumping into one of them .  that scene is transferred neatly from print to celluloid .    but after that scene the movie seems not to trust its audience and at times become frantic in its attempt to spell out its message ,  however nebulous the message is .    sherman might accidentally hit some kid and be arrested for it as he is in the novel ,  but he would not immediately upon his release from jail go back to his phenomenally expensive condo ,  take out a shotgun ,  and start shooting into the ceiling with it ,  as he does in the movee .  in what's supposed to be a funny scene ,  ceiling plaster falls all over the party guests and they scurry away ,  shrieking .  it simply would not have happened .  the movie has left the novel's unspeakably detailed reality in the dust .  wolfe's sensibility ,  the work he put into capturing the real ,  has been lost .  what we get instead is a noisy ,  fantastic ,  and silly scene that doesn't do anything except wake the audience up .  similar empty scenes follow ,  screaming out for wolfe's verisimilitude .   the movie also fails because it thrusts a lot of sin and redemption into an entertaining story of moral nihilism .  here we see  " don juan in hell "  at the opera .  we get lectures on redemption from a poet with aids .  we see a lot of guilt in sherman .  a black judge who preaches from the bench and gives one of those final speeches about how we all have to start behaving nicely again .  a reporter who feels sorry for sherman after turning him into a sacrificial lamb .  and a happy ending in which sherman gets off by breaking the law with an idiotic grin .  the scene sits on the movie like a jester's cap on a circus elephant's head .    the movie not only makes points that are already trite and unoriginal ,  it overstates them ,  as if the audience were incapable of absorbing any subtleties .   it's not the acting or the direction that's poor .  the film's not bad in those respects .  and the photography is pretty good too ,  including two rather spectacular shots -- the gargoyles of the chrysler building and the landing of the concorde .  it's the script that is thoroughly botched .   the first half of the movie ,  roughly ,  is okay in conception and execution .  it keeps some of the little details from the novel .  sherman and judy's dog is named marshall .  who the hell would name a dog marshall ?  it loses its focus almost completely in the second half and on the whole is barely worth watching .   wolfe's cynical redneck right-wingism may be offensive to a lot of people ,  but he's got the cojones to lay his percepts out .  alas the writers and producers did not have the courage to pick them up and thus blew the chance to make a fascinating study of new yorkers . 
most book adaptations are bad but this film left out key parts of the storyline and changed the description and some characters .  they rewired the storyline and combined scenes and changed the order .  they added ridiculous things into it that never happened in the book and would never happen .   if i hadn't read the book beforehand it would have been an incredibly dull film ,  it didn't make you care about the characters ,  like them or dislike them .  it turns the characters into jokes .   awful .   ridiculous .   waste of two hours of my life . 
regarded by many critics as one of the biggest stinkers of all time  ( certainly the biggest stinker of director brian de palma's career )  .   sherman mccoy  ( tom hanks )  is a smug rich boy whose life goes to pieces when he and his lover maria ruskin  ( melanie griffith )  are involved in a hit-and-run .  his story is chronicled by another smug guy ,  reporter peter fallow  ( bruce willis )  .   well ,  as i said in my summary .  .  .   what is this movie supposed to be ?  it seems to combine comedy ,  drama ,  and satire ,  but it sure doesn't add up to much .  it's undermined by unimaginably loathsome ,  one-dimensional characters who you'd never want to have the displeasure of meeting in real life .   i'm no big fan of the novel  ( i started reading it once ,  but couldn't finish it because it wasn't to my liking )  but it's obvious to me that those who did / do enjoy the novel consider this film to be a complete travesty .   i've never seen so many talented actors strive to hard to give a below-average movie some semblance of quality and fail .  what a waste .   the problems start with casting nice guy tom hanks in a role that is clearly supposed to be unsympathetic .  and the role of peter fallow in the novel was that of a brit .  bruce willis is badly ,  badly miscast in the role .  what was the thinking there .   alas ,  not even morgan freeman can escape the film with his dignity intact ,  being obliged to deliver a lame ,  heavy-handed lecture on 'decency' after the climax .   this movie ends up turning into an absurd farce .   i liked the assemblage of talent ;  for that i will give it four out of ten ,  but i'm sure some people will say a much better movie could have been made from the source material . 
this is one of the most atrocious rewrites i've ever viewed .  if they want to make a movie with a lousy story ,  they should refrain from giving it a title of a fine book .  there is hardly a relation between wolfe's book and this movie other than the title .  i don't mind changes if they help a story flow on screen .  at least the changes shouldn't hurt the final product .  the last scene in the movie is painfully unconvincing .  the actors are miscast .  the director and/or screen writer obviously could not decide whether to make a lame comedy or preach an unconvincing sermon .   if you've seen this movie and disliked it ,  try the book .  if you've seen this movie and liked it ,  read the book . 
this was a great book and the possibilities for a truly great film were definitely there .  but the casting decisions completely wrecked the movie .  hanks is a great actor to be sure ,  but lacks the smarmy ,  morally ambivalent characteristics needed for the lead role .  jeff daniels would have been my choice .   putting melanie griffiths in ,  for eye candy reasons ,  is understandable ,  but again ,  she did not portray the depth or ambivalence ,  so need to pull this off .   this movie is a great example of how every decision ,  even those early on in the movie production can make or break a file . 
bonfires of the vanities is a film drenched in flop sweat .  i can recall no film that has tried so hard to be so unrelentingly outrageous ,  provocative and important ,  yet failed so consistently across the board .  it is like a stand up comic who's not getting laughs ,  but can't leave the stage .  the harder the film tries ,  the louder each attempt at a laugh results in a resounding thud .  the desperation the film displays is so glaring it almost rouses pity for all those involved .   the film achieves laugh-out-loud status only twice .  once is in the sight of geraldo rivera playing an obnoxious ,  arrogant and amoral tv tabloid journalist -- which is funny only because he apparently doesn't realize he is playing himself .  the other scene that deserves to be laughed at is the film's final  " big moment ,  "  wherein the judge played by morgan freeman delivers the sanctimonious lecture about what morality is  (  " it's what your mama taught ya !  "  )  .  the pomposity of the moment is insulting to the point of being absurd .    yet ,  one must admit it is a noble effort .  it does have a good ,  if poorly cast ,  band of actors ,  who try to make characters out of cardboard thin caricatures .  the film looks professionally made and the little cinematic flourishes that director brian depalma just loves are apparent ,  if not particularly effective .  but the film ,  which apparently wishes to be a commentary on modern morals and ethics ,  never arises above the level of cartoon .  satire requires style .  farce requires energy .  even sitcom requires timing .  but the best bonfires can muster is desperation .  in the end ,  you don't want to laugh ,  you just want to turn away . 
it's frequently said that movies can never equal the original book .  well ,  in this case ,  not only the movie is not  " as good "  as the book ,  but is an insult to the book .  i'd rather see milan kundera's novel turned on fire than into this  " something ,  "  which the director probably calls  " adaptation .  "   all the beautiful philosophy that asks  " is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulders ,  or cope with the unbearable lightness of being ?  "  is put aside ,  and instead ,  all the movie deals with is daniel day lewis'  ( i cannot say tomas )  sexual adventures with his dumb wife ,  his mistress ,  and his other mistresses .  françois truffaut already said it :  bad directors make bad movies .  don't waste your time and money .  read the book instead ,  it's really worth it . 
if you are one of the people who finds  " according to jim "  great television comedy ,  this is going to rock your world .  and might i add ,  kudos for proving that good talent ,  good writing and a charismatic star are all you really need on any network other than abc ,  which prefers to air crap like jim belushi's show year after year .    " k-911 "  is a big ,  steaming ,  brown ,  german shepherd-sized  " thank you "  for all of the geniuses who loved the first movie .  it's exactly what fans of that film and the lesser belushi deserve .  jim's comedic chops and choice in projects are never far behind his ability to butcher a blues standard .  look for him to try to showcase all of his diverse lacks of talent into every project he hurls at the public like a surly zoo chimpanzee .   if you enjoy jim's work ,  this movie is your reward . 
oh ,  i heard so much good about this movie .  went to see it with my best friend  ( she's female ,  i'm male )  .  now please allow me a divergent opinion from the mainstream .  after the first couple of dozen  " take off your clothes ,  "  we both felt a very strange combination of silliness and boredom .  we laughed  ( at it ,  not with it )  ,  we dozed  ( and would have been better off staying in bed )  ,  we were convinced we had spent money in vain .  and we had .  the plot was incoherent ,  and the characters were a group of people about whom it was impossible to care .  a waste of money ,  a waste of celluloid .  this movie doesn't even deserve one out of ten votes ,  but that's the lowest available .  i'm not sure why this movie has the reputation that it does of being excellent ;  i don't recommend it to anyone who has even a modicum of taste or intelligence . 
this is possibly one of the worst movies i have ever seen .  i don't care what the critics say ,  it's bad .  i think the problem is with kundera's novel .  it's not that it's unfilmable ;  it's just that like 99% of his work ,  it's pretentious and overdrawn .  he seems to be enamored with himself , his characters come off as navel-gazing ,  and his novels as a whole are misogynistic .  i have read many of his works  ( even his socialist realist poetry .  that was truly awful )  -- i just don't understand what the fuss is about .  characteristics  ( like the self-absorption )  in his novels make for infuriating reading .  in a movie ,  all the things that i dislike about kundera were magnified .  maybe i just missed something ,  but i don't think so .  on a side note ,  i cannot believe that this is a criterion collection dvd .  no way is this movie that essential . 
yeah cheap shot i know ,  but this movie is a great example of how a collection of signifiers of 'deepness'  ( political turmoil ,  love/lust )  can be combined haphazardly to great critical acclaim  ( see also 'american beauty' )  .  kaufman's movie plods along with gratuitous sex scenes interspersed with often painful dialog sequences  ( in one scene i counted three different 'generic european' accents affected by the actors )  and displays of state might run amok ,  yet fails to tie them together into the coherent meditation kundera offered .  and in its over-long three hours it manages almost completely to gloss over franz , the missing fourth piece in the love triangle that lies at the heart of the plot ,  and in this manner sacrifices the novel's central mechanism of displaying the spectrum of emotions and of power relations that obtain in love affairs .  it also fails to even include token screen time for tomas' son ,  used in the novel to exemplify some of the political points kundera was making in the novel .  combined with the overweening soundtrack ,  these flaws make this movie's three hours unbearably weighty in tone yet light in content . 
harsh ,  yes ,  but i call 'em like i see 'em .   i saw this in the late 80's ,  and it was truly one of the most awful ,  boring films i've ever forced myself to watch .   yes ,  the cinematography is lovely .  the czech settings are truly stunning .  the political backdrop is enticing ,  but unlike similar  " historically set "  stories  ( e . g .  _dr .  zhivago_  ( qv )  )  ,  this one failed to make the politics relevant to the story ,  or even interesting .   sure ,  olin and binoche are beautiful .  but this film manages to make even  " erotic "  scenes plodding and slow .  i'm all for romance ,  but this movie was so boring ,  i started hoping the russians would shoot them all and put an end to my misery .   i'm sure if i'd read the book ,  the story would have made a bit more sense .  however ,  life's too short to expend any more time on this one . 
seriously ,  why do american and frech actors pretending to be czechs need to speak perfect english with a fake russian accent ?  i am a man ,  so i enjoyed the gratuitous nudity--but a soft porn flick would have more of that ,  and at least wouldn't pretend it's artistic .   all the political statements where painfully didactic- has the director heard of subtlety ?  the acting was also woody and melodramatic ,  and the comic relief was never funny .  the characters were very shallow ,  and i just couldn't identify with them at all .   the bit where i did laugh was when they cut the actors into archival footage of the demonstrations in prague - and they were black and white and then sepia to match the footage-just ludicrous .   i read many of kundera's short stories  ( not the unbearable lightness of being )  ,  and there are good things about his style of writing  ( although his themes are one big male fantasy ) -and i have to say ,  the film did not convey any of the goodness of kunderas style . 
this film is quite boring .  there are snippets of naked flesh tossed around in a lame attempt to keep the viewer awake but they don't succeed .   the best thing about the movie is lena olin--she does a masterful job handling her character ,  but day-lewis garbles most of his lines .   kaufman clearly had no idea how to film this .  the incongruities in bouncing between domestic household/marriage issues and political crises are badly matched .  character attitudes change without explanation throughout .  badly disjointed . 
after reading the book ,  which had a lot of meaning for me ,  the movie didn't give me any of the feeling which the book conveyed .  this makes me wonder if kaufman even liked this book for he successfully made it into something else . either that or he is simply bad .  most importantly where is the lightness ?  !  from the very first scene ,  music drownes out most of the dialogue and feeling ,  and this continues right through the movie .  i think the makers thought that by having upbeat music playing right through the movie ,  this would make the story feel light- however they have completely failed here .  instead the music manages to give everything that 'movie feel' ,  in a way dramatising events so that we linger on them ,  so that everything actually feels heavy .   another example of the how this adaptation fails is by embellishing the story line making it more dramatic .  in the movie we see franz passing tomas on the street ,  who is on his way to see sabina .  the introduction of this chance meeting/passing ,  which im sure didn't happen in the book ,  gives tomas' story more significance than it does make it light .   there are many other examples where the continuity of the story has been changed ,  imo for the worst ,  however this might have been done because the book simply doesn't convert well into a movie ,  such is kundera's style .  this makes we wonder if all the generous reviewers on this site were writing with their book and movie experience in mind rather than writing about just the film .  a film which is as long as it is uncompelling .  for those who haven't read the book yet i recommend just reading that .  for those who have ,  i have to say you will just be wasting your time and probably end up here writing similar stay-clear warnings . 
*** contains spoilers ***  i did not like this movie at all .   i found it amazingly boring and rather superficially made ,  irrespective of the importance and depth of the proposed themes :  given that eventually we have to die ,  how should we approach life ?  in a  " light "  way ,  like tomas ;  in a  " heavy "  way like tereza ;  or should we find ways not to face that question ,  like sabina ?  how much is fidelity important in a relationship ?  how much of the professional life can be mutilated for the sake of our loved ones ?  how much do we have to be involved in the political life and the social issues of our country ?   unfortunately ,  i haven't read kundera's novel but after having being let down by the movie i certainly will :  i want to understand if the story was ruined by the movie adaptation  ( which is my guess )  or if it was dull from the beginning .   i disagree with most of the positive comments that defined the movie as a masterpiece .  i simply don't see the reasons why .  what i see are many flaws ,  and a sample of them follows .   1 )  the three main characters are thrown at you and it's very hard to understand what drives them when making their choices .   2 )  the  " secondary "  characters are there just to fill the gaps but they don't add nothing to the story and you wonder if they are really necessary .   3 )  i did not like how tomas was impersonated .  nothing is good for him .  he is so self-centered and selfish .  he is not human ,  in some sense .  but when his self-confidence fails and he realizes that he depends on others and is emotionally linked to someone ,  i did not find the interpretation credible .   4 )  it's very unlikely that an artist like sabina could afford her lifestyle in a communist country in 1968 .  on top of that ,  the three main characters are all very successful in their respective professions ,  which sounds strange to me .  a )  how can tereza become effortlessly such a good photographer ?  b )  how can they do so well in a country lacking all the economic incentives that usually motivate people to succeed ?   5 )  the fake accents of the english spoken by the actors are laughable .  and i am not even mother tongue .  moreover ,  the letter that sabina receives while in the us is written in czech ,  which i found very inconsistent .   6 )  many comments praised the movie saying that prague was beautifully rendered :  i guess that most of the movie was shot on location ,  so it's not difficult to give the movie a eastern european feeling ,  and given the intrinsic beauty of prague is not even difficult to make it look good .   7 )  i found the ending sort of trivial .  tereza and tomas ,  finally happy in the countryside ,  far away from the temptations of the  " metropoly "  ,  distant from the social struggles their fellow citizens are living ,  detached from their professional lives ,  die in a car accident .  but they die after having realized that they are happy ,  indeed .  so what ?  had they died unhappy ,  would the message of the movie have been different ?  i don't think so .  i considered it sort of a cheap trick to please the audience .   8 )  the only thing in the movie which is unbearably light is the way the director has portrayed the characters .  you see them for almost three hours ,  but in the end you are left with nothing .  you don't feel empathy ,  you don't relate to them ,  you are left there in your couch watching a sequence of events and scenes that have very little to say .   9 )  i hated the  " stop the music in the restaurant "  scene  ( which some comments praised a lot )  .  why sabina has got such a strong reaction ?  why franz agrees with her ?  i really don't see the point .  the only thing you learn is that sabina has got a very bad temper and quite a strong personality .  that's it .  what's so special and unique about it ?   after all these negative comments ,  let me point tout that there are two scenes that i liked a lot  ( that's why i gave it a two )  .   the  " naked women photoshoot "  ,  where the envy ,  the jealousy ,  and the insecurities of sabina and tereza are beautifully presented .   the other scene is the one representing the investigations after the occupation of prague by the russians .  tereza pictures ,  taken to let the world know about what is going on in prague ,  are used to identify the people taking part to the riots .  i found it quite original and tereza's sense of despair and guilt are nicely portrayed .   finally ,  there is a tiny possibility that the movie was intentionally  " designed "  in such a way that  " tomas types "  are going to like it and  " tereza ones "  are going to hate it .  if this is the case  ( i strongly doubt it ,  though )  then my comment should be revised drastically . 
i think phillip kaufman read the cliff's notes version of the kundera novel and then set about making this film .  okay ,  of course it won't have the punch of the original .  kundera's novels are great because of his manipulation of the narrative concept ,  his ability to step in and out of stories he constructs .  this film does not even try !  the one dream sequence of tereza's ,  so vital to the atmosphere of the book ,  is reworked and makes no sense whatsoever .  also ,  and this is perhaps a lesser point ,  daniel day-lewis looks a lot like ben stiller in this  ( i know it's not really a valid complaint ,  but hey )  .  a perfect example of the hollywood-izing of otherwise fine literature . 
another great movie by costa-gavras .  it's a great presentation of the situation is latin america and the us involvement in latin american politics .  the facts might or might not be accurate but it is a fact that the us was deeply involved in coups and support of latin american dictatorships .   despite this though the spirit of the movie follows the typical leftist/communist propaganda of the cold war era .  costa-gavras is a well-known communist sympathizer and his movies are always biased .  for example he presents the us actions as brutal and inhumane ,  while representing tupamaros' extremist activities as something positive .   as it turned out it was a blessing for uruguay and the rest of the latin america that the us got involved .  europe is filled with poor east european prostitutes .  i never heard of poor uruguayan or chilean girls prostituting themselves en masse as it happens in most east european countries .  the us was fighting a dirty war and god bless us all the monster of soviet communism was defeated .  it is unfortunate the us had to do what it did in latin america  ( and elsewhere )  but sometimes you need to play dirty .  this is not an idealistic world as costa-gavras and matamoros like to believe .  had matamoros come to power in uruguay ,  we would've had another ukraine in latin america .   all in all this movie follows corrupt and bankrupt leftist ideology of times past and tries to pass it as idealistic and morally correct . 
the original was a good movie .  i bought it on tape and have watched it several times .  and though i know that sequels are not usually as good as the original i certainly wasn't expecting such a bomb .  the romance was flat ,  the sight gags old ,  the spoken humor just wasn't .  this may not have been the worst movie i've ever seen but it comes close . 
hanna-barbera sucks the life out of another famous property .  the violence is watered down ,  the stories are formulaic ,  the animation is bad ,  the music is obnoxious and repetitive ,  and frankly ,  the show just isn't funny .   at the time ,  h-b put every one of its series through the same clichéd situations ,  regardless if it fit the world of the cartoon or not .  thus ,  popeye and bluto appear in a recurring segment as cavemen  (  " hey !  popeye is popular ,  and the flinstones are popular .  put 'em together ,  and you can't miss !  "  )  .  also ,  in an apparent ripoff of  " private benjamin ,  "  olive oyl and the goon have a regular segment that features them as new army recruits .  seriously !  why ?    adding to the annoyance factor are the public service announcements in every episode  ( standard practice at the time for cartoons ,  but still annoying )  .  popeye lectures his nephews on crossing the street safely ,  recycling ,  and - are you ready for this ?  - the dangers of smoking !   ( i swear i'm not making that up .  )   the only charm remaining from the original cartoons is that jack mercer ,  the voice of popeye from the early days ,  continues the role here .   worth checking out once just to get a new appreciation for the old fleischer shorts .  otherwise ,  avoid at all costs . 
popeye and big foot ** ;  popeye's engine company ** ;  getting popeye's goat **1/2  i used to lap these up as a kid but ,  catching an episode of the series comprising three cartoons back-to-back now i . e .  several years later  ( they preceded the theatrical screening of the pirate yarn raiders of the seven seas [1953] )  ,  i can see how they don't hold up all that well !  the character of popeye isn't exactly sympathetic to begin with ,  olive oyl distinctly overbearing and bluto's antics failed to elicit much interest either  in short ,  the scripts were alarmingly thin ,  fairly awful and generally unfunny to boot .  they're strictly juvenile fare ,  yet i doubt today's kids would even have the patience to stick with them !  ;  furthermore ,  the animation style is unattractive .   taking each short per se ,  i guess they improved from one to the other :  after the initial shock ,  one adapted to its mediocre quality as it were ,  so that the third cartoon easily results in being the most enjoyable of the lot  popeye is entrusted with a mascot army goat whose immense appetite causes him no end of mischief  ( hardly original ,  i know ,  but always an amusing ploy )  .  one interesting element here was that the shorts were bookended with popeye delivering moralistic bits of wisdom to the kids in the audience . 
 .  .  .  mainly because ju-on 2 boasts an outrageous forty minutes' worth of material literally taken straight out of the first ju-on - and when you consider that the sequel only runs for 76 minutes ,  that leaves you with 36 original minutes' worth of film .  ho-hum .  i found that deeply irritating - as if viewers simply wouldn't remember the same stuff !  - not to mention dull ,  having to watch it all over again .   ok ,  that complaint aside ,  the byline for ju-on 2 was that it was supposed to explain a lot of the unanswered questions from the first movie ,  which frankly ,  over 36 minutes ,  simply doesn't go far enough to making any kind of sense of the original's highly convoluted storyline .   there are ,  however ,  some really nice new horror sequences which show how good the film might have been ,  had it had some time to develop ;  and some of the questions raised by the original - some ,  but not all - are answered .   so in conclusion - if you loved the first original movie and want to see some further developments on the story ,  go for it - but just remember to keep your remote control to hand with your finger on the fast-forward button for forty minutes . 
this movie was the most horrible movie watching experience i have ever had to endure ,  and what is worse is the fact that i had to watch it ,  and didn't have the opportunity to stop it because it was for school !  admittedly ,  the storyline was decent .  .  . but i found the acting terrible !  the exception was marianne jean-baptiste ,  i thought her performance was wonderful .  she was the only highlight ,  without her ,  i doubt i would have been able to bear watching the film .  every time i hear somebody say  " daarling "  i cringe !  i nearly attacked a customer the other day because they said  " it "  .  it made me remember one of the worst one and a half hours of my life !    ( i apologise if this has offended anybody ,  i am only expressing my opinion ) 
i have seen a lot of movies .  .  . this is the first one i ever walked out of the theater on .  don't even bother renting it .  this is about as boring a soap opera as one can see .  .  . at least you don't have to pay to watch a soap opera ,  though . 
 " horrible people "  ought to be the subtitle of this horrible film .  if you want to see ordinary people doing ordinary things ,  then look out of your window at real life .  but if you want to see unpleasant people doing dull things ,  you'll have to watch this horrible film by mike leigh .  the characters talk at length ,  but never actually manage to communicate with each other .  why not ?  presumably because leigh things that all of us are as ineffective and pathetic as his actors ,  and he wants to film real life .  but we're not ,  and he failed . 
well ,  eyeboy ,  i must say that it pleases me to no end when someone singles me out and tries to make fun of me ,  especially when it is someone who seems as intelligent as you do .  my favorite part of your post was  " but no big bang-bang good-guy bad-guy here ,  kimosabe .  me suggest you stick to movie with lotsa bang bang .  "   well said !  i do like action movies ,  especially if they are well done ,  but i also like movies that don't have a whole lot of action ,  as long as they are well done .  i'm sorry ,  but secret's and lies does not fit into that category and is simply a very bad movie .  i really don't see very many non-american films ,  so maybe i was spoiled ,  and didn't realize how bad foreign films really were when i saw secrets and lies .  perhaps if i judge foreign movies by a different standard i could some day see how secrets and lies could possibly be one of the highest rated movies on the imdb .  hmm .  .  .  if true ,  that is very scary .   jeremy barger bits@midohio . net ( new e-mail ) 
first of all there wasn't really anything in this movie that grabbed me really .  it wasn't a bad movie ,  just another movie where i said  " well ,  that wasn't anything special "  after i'd seen it .  there was probably drama and stuff ,  but it simply didn't grab me ,  but more seamed semi-dull .  as i said in the headline it seamed very cheap in a way .  the quality of the film itself  ( the images )  seamed like a low quality and reminded me more of some cheap made for tv-movie than a well respected english film-maker .  the camera angles and shots were very amateur like in my opinion .  didn't really have any close up shots or similar effects to produce interesting scenes .  i haven't seen many english films and the ones i've seen didn't really impress me more than this and they seamed kind of similar done with the camera work ,  colors and such .   " game "  tried to be more cool ,  hip & smart  ( see my review of  " lola rennt "  about this if you wish )  ,  but didn't succeed for me either .  overall just a little indifferent movie that wasn't anything special  ( at best ,  i'm afraid )  and basically unfortunately over two hours wasted . 
lifetime did it again .  can we say stupid ?  i couldn't wait for it to end .  the plot was senseless .  the acting was terrible !  especially by the teenagers .  the story has been played a thousand times !  are we just desperate to give actors a job ?  the previews were attractive and i was really looking for a good thriller . once in awhile lifetime comes up with a good movie ,  this isn't one of them .  unless one has nothing else to do i would avoid this one at all cost .  this was a waste of two hours of my life .  can i get them back ?  i would have rather scraped my face against a brick wall for two hours then soaked it in peroxide .  that would have been more entertaining . 
at least among those movies with 100 votes or more .  nominated for best screenplay written directly for the screen ?  brenda blethyn nominated for best actress in a leading role ?  ?  nominated for best picture ?  ?  i always disagree with many of the oscar picks ,  but this movie might very well be the worst movie of all time to be honored by the academy .  the writing and acting were both horrible .  blethyn's perfomance in particular was one of the worst i've ever seen ,  and probably the most over-rated acting performance of all time .  awful movie ,  not worthy of the big screen and not worthy of any cable or television channel that has ever played it ,  including hbo ( where i saw it )  .  i am only thankful i didn't actually pay to see one of the most over-rated movies of all time . 
time is precious .  this film isn't .  i must learn to ignore critics who rave about small films like fargo and this complete waste of time .   the theater was packed and everyone left with the same reaction :  is this the film the critics are raving about ?  what a piece of crap !   the hook of this film is the upwardly mobile black daughter seeking out and finding her white trash family .  get it ?   the acting is superb .   the production  ( lighting ,  sets ,  editing ,  sound )  is about 2 steps above a 60 minutes story .  the characters are shallow and unintelligent .  i was insulted by the fact that these people could not figure out about each other what was blatantly obvious to the audience ;  the audience was murmuring to the movie screen what the characters should say next .   i have had more fun doing the laundry . 
painful to watch ,  and not entirely for empathy with the struggles of the characters .  two of the main characters ,  cynthia the mother and monica the acknowledged daughter ,  spend the great bulk of the film pathetically mewling and bitterly bitching respectively .  their characters are so firmly established that their redemption into tolerable personalities after a quick family catharsis is unbelievable .  it wasn't worth the wait .  i wish a worthy pitch for honesty among families was less of a headache to view . 
 ( spoilers ) wow ,  this is a bad one .  i did a double take when watching an old star trek episode the other day-it was the one where everyone gets infected with that space sickness and then go a bit nuts-and there was stewart moss ,  a . k . a the unlikable 'hero' of it lives by night !  he played the first crewmember infected ,  who dies from terminal depression .  all i could think was that he'd watched his own movie too many times ,  that's what caused the depression .  this movie is full of truly unlikable people .  there is no redeeming character in the film ,  not one .  it's very hard to feel bad about dr .  beck's turning into a bat ( or whatever he actually turned into )  ,  because you just don't like him .  and you don't like his shrill ,  bony wife ,  or the nasty sleazy sgt .  ward ,  or dr .  mustache love .  .  . so why would you invest any time or energy in this movie ?  where there is no empathy with the characters ,  there is no reason to bother caring about it .  not to mention the horrible cinematography ,  which made it look like they'd filmed the movie through urine ,  and the five cent bat special effects ,  many of which appeared to be pieces of paper thrown into a fan to simulate hordes of bats flying .  not the worst film i've ever seen on mst3k ,  but down there in the bottom ranks ,  definitely . 
i am very disappointed with  " k-911 .  "  the original  " good "  quality of  " k-9 "  doesn't exist any more .  this is more like a sitcom !  some of casts from original movie returned and got some of my memory back .  the captain of dooley now loves to hit him like a scene from old comedy show .  that was crazy .  what's the deal with the change of police ?  it seems like they are now lapd !  not san diego pd .  it is a completely different movie from  " 
the movie that shoots scenes of a scenic caverns tour .   remember no one from this movie except for michael pataki who dished out extreme pain as jc in  " five the hard way "  .  he's the really annoying sheriff who i did applaud when he practices nightstick on our rabid doctor .  probably the most laughs you will have is with dr .  beck's epileptic seizures out of nowhere .  could mrs .  beck be anymore wooden ?  seriously ,  if you took a 4 foot branch ,  stuck it in a hot tub ,  you wouldn't be able to notice a difference .  the dread and suspense is looking over at the clock wondering when the credits will roll .   watch it as a late night movie ,  mstified ,  but don't go out of your way . 
 " the bat people "  is a really bad film that deserved the mst3k treatment just as well like that other film  " the creeping terror .  "   in it ,  we are in some sort of mountainous terrain full of bats .  we see many things happen ,  like bats flying out and attacking and stuff ,  station wagon chases ,  mishaps at the emergency room ,  and much more !  all this ,  plus the cheesy mediocrity of the 1970s  ( hey ,  think  " mitchell "  here !  )  ,  making  " the bat people "  actually one of the very best of the last  " mystery science theater 3000 "  episodes made in the series !  moviewise ,  it's awful .  it should be avoided like the plague ,  unless tom servo and crow are watching with you .    " the bat people "  - more like  " the bad people !  !  !  !  !  "  lol  1/10 of course !  !  !  !  ! 
i didn't think this was as absolutely horrible as some people apparently do .  it passes as one of those cheesy horror movies you might waste time with in the middle of the night when you can't sleep ,  although admittedly it's no better quality than that .  it's true that the acting isn't great - i thought marianne mcandrew as cathy beck ,  for example ,  came across as completely passionless - but the main problem is that several aspects of the plot didn't really make sense to me .  the becks are on a trip described by john  ( stewart moss )  as part work and partly the honeymoon they never had  ( now that's romantic !  )  the work part has something to do with touring caves ,  which in itself sounds strange  ( how does being part of a tour group through a cave relate to anyone's work ?  )  but it gets stranger when we find out that he's a doctor doing research in the area of preventative medicine  ( huh ?  that connection completely lost me .  )  bitten by a bat while he's in the cave ,  he begins to transform into what i guess was supposed to be a human-bat hybrid  ( although when we finally see him in makeup he looks a lot more like an ape-man of some sort )  and a killing spree starts .  here's another problem .  the first killing is a nurse in a hospital .  at first ,  everyone thinks her death was an accident .  the second murder is of a young girl ,  who is described as having her throat ripped out .  the sheriff  ( michael pataki )  then tells us that her death was similar to the nurse's  ( meaning throat ripped out ?  - how could anyone think that was an accident ?  )  and what's with the sheriff ?  he seems pretty no-nonsense until the scene in cathy's hotel room when he takes a swig of liquor and then almost rapes her ,  after which everything seems to go back to normal .  it's saddled with an ending that left almost everything unresolved ,  and also with one of the most irritating theme songs i've ever heard in a movie .  even for all that ,  there was something here that kept me watching .  sometimes pure cheesiness can get you through an hour and a half .  pretty bad ,  yeah - but not as awful as some people say . 
currently ,  this film is listed on imdb as the 42nd worst film ever made--which is exactly why i rented it from netflix .  however ,  i am saddened to report that the film ,  while bad ,  is no where near bad enough to merit being in the bottom 100 films ever made list .  i have personally seen at least 100 films worse than this one .  hardly a glowing endorsement ,  but it just didn't meet the expected level of awfulness to be included on this infamous list .   the film begin with stewart moss and marianne mcandrew on their belated honeymoon  ( by the way ,  they are married in real life as well )  .  he's a doctor who is obsessed with bats and insists they go to a nearby cave .  once there ,  they behave very ,  very ,  very stupidly  ( hallmark of a bad film )  and are soon bitten by a bat .  according to this film ,  bats love to attack people and there are vampire bats in the us--both of which are not true at all .   oddly ,  after being bitten ,  the man doesn't even bother going to the hospital !  !  the first thing on anyone's mind  ( especially a doctor )  is to get medical help immediately ,  but not this boob .  soon ,  he's having seizures--yet he still isn't interested in seeking help !  again and again you keep thinking that this must be the stupidest couple in film history !  !    after a while ,  he eventually goes to see a doctor and is sent to the hospital .  but ,  by then it's too late and his attacks become more violent and he begins killing people to suck their blood .  when it's totally obvious to everyone that the man is a crazed killing machine ,  the wife  ( who ,  like her husband ,  has a grapefruit for a brain )  refuses to believe he's dangerous--even after he attacks people ,  steals an ambulance and runs a police car off the road !  !    now most of the time moss is going through these episodes ,  his eyes roll back and he looks like a normal person .  oddly ,  however ,  a couple times he develops bat-like hands and towards the end they used some nice prosthetics on him to make him look quite bat-like .  had this been really cheesy ,  the film would have merited a 1 .   in the very end ,  in a twist that hardly made any sense at all ,  the wife inexplicably turned into a crazed bat lady and had a swarm of bats kill the evil sheriff .  how all this was arranged was a mystery as was moss' and mcandrew's belief that this film would somehow help their careers--though they both have had reasonably long careers on tv playing bit roles since 1974 .   overall ,  very dumb .  the plot is silly and makes no sense and strongly relies on people acting way too dumb to be real .  not a good film at all ,  but not among the worst films of all time either .   note :  for some reason ,  imdb shows the graphic for the three dvd set for it's alive and it's two sequels of the web page for the bat people .  while the bat people has been seen with the title  " it's alive "  ,  the two movies are not at all related .  it's easy to understand the mistake--especially since they both came out in 1974 ,  but the movie i just reviewed starred stewart moss and marianne mcandrew and the other film starred john ryan and sharon farrell . 
ok ,  don't let my summary fool you .  this movie sucks hard .  but the worst movie ever ?  this movie was terrible in ways people shouldn't have to rack their brains to describe .  but it is in no way worse than manos :  the hands of fate ,  hobgobblins ,  horrors of spider island ,  or a small handful of movies .  as a review the movie sucks ,  it's terrible .  don't see it with out mst or you may develop health problems .  but there are worse movies . 
i dunno sometimes .  .  . you try and try and try to be charitable towards all the b thru z grade movies out there ,  but once in a while a particular movie just tests your patience until you want to slap everyone involved .   " bat people "   ( which i saw under the title  " it lives by night "  )  is just such a movie .  you can't watch this without thinking that it really should have been an episode on  " night gallery "  ,  and not one of the better ones ,  either .    the movie has something to do with a doctor who gets bitten by a bat and consequently starts to morph into a were-bat who drinks human blood .   ( actually ,  you'd think if he was turning into a real bat ,  he'd be eating mosquitoes by the gallon bucket ,  but because this is a cheap ,  lurid horror movie ,  blood's the word .  )  in spite of the fact that he has grand-mal seizures at the drop of a hat ,  and black-out episodes almost every night ,  his friend and fellow physician ,  dr .  mustache aspen-extreme ,  insists that he's just having an 'allergic reaction' to the rabies shots .  meanwhile ,  the world's most obnoxious and stereotyped county sheriff suspects the doc of being responsible for the brutal murder and exsanguination of several local girls  ( and one wino )  .  also meanwhile ,  the doctor's wife decides that denial is a river in egypt and alternately patronizes him and nags him to distraction .    it's not so much that the acting is bad - you can tell that the actors are making professional level choices ,  and are trying to bring some juice and life to the script ,  even the guy who plays the sheriff .   ( okay ,  it is pretty bad ,  but it's bad in a clichéd ,  wooden ,  professional way )  .  it's just that everything about the acting ,  the way the scenes are paced ,  the costumes ,  the dialog ,  the script and the story line in general sets your teeth on edge and makes you want to ,  well ,  slap everyone involved .   i think the movie had an outside chance at being a spooky ,  unsettling little cult favorite ,  but :   1 ) the director needed to beat michael pataki ,  an experienced character actor ,  with a chair until pataki agreed to act ,  and not just channel dennis weaver .    2 ) he also needed to find a script that made a little more sense with regard to the whole  " bat bites human ,  who then turns into a bat "  scenario .    3 )  he also needed the actor who played the doctor to find a little more physically believable bit of stage business for his 'episodes' ,  instead of resorting to  " man has a seizure "  page from the little golden book of clichéd acting mannerisms .    4 )  he needed to rework the whole 'wife' character ,  make her both more intelligent ,  less shrill and waaaaay more observant .    i would never voluntarily watch this film again ,  except with the help of mike and the bots .  it's bad ,  but it isn't bad in a silly ,  humorous or interesting way .  still better than  " battlefield earth "  or  " waterworld "  ,  though . 
while exploring some caves with his wife ,  a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects .  .  .   occasionally creepy atmosphere and some decent  ( though under used )  makeup effects don't save this b horror flick from being a sub-par tale of man-becomes-creature .  the bat people aka it lives by night suffers from its senseless story that's awkwardly plotted and lackluster in pacing .  the plot never seems to go anywhere much and the movie never offers an explanation for what happens ,  or even a satisfying conclusion for it all .  the cast is fairly mediocre in their performances .   still i give the film some points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations .  the makeup work of the late stan winston is pretty good too ,  but it doesn't get much of a showcase here .  a missed opportunity for sure .    definitely one of the lesser man-creature flicks out there .   * 1/2 out of ****
unless the title is supposed to be some kind of spoiler for the wife's transformation  ( the fiends !  ruining it for us )  .  anycase ,  if this movie wasn't made-for-tv ,  it should have been ,  it's so remarkably low-budget ,  underscripted ,  underacted ,  and hits every 70's cliche except disco .  nobody is likeable ,  and you could careless what happens to anyone in this one .  eminently forgetable except for the bad ,  bad performances . 
really ,  the use of stock nature documentary of swarming bats employed by the bat people is some of the most effective ever .  there are shots of teeming bats hanging from the ceilings of caves ,  swarming bats flying out of caves or swirling about near the mouths of caves .  that alone is enough to be unsettling :  imagine all of them swarming after you ?  and they do indeed swarm in what should have been a show-stopper sequence that happened at about the forty minute mark ,  a downright inappropriately hilarious sequence where a teeming swarm of bats seem to attack a police car ,  splattering across the windshield like bloody broken eggs .  the problem is that this sequence happens about fifty minutes too late to save the film ,  most of which consists of one or more people running around ,  screaming ,  waving their arms about at jabbering excitedly about some poor goofball who managed to get bitten by a bat during his vacation .   the fear is that he is coming down with rabies ,  which does indeed suck ,  so their vacation is ruined ,  as the plot synopsis on the top of the bat people's reference page does indeed point out .  so here is an effective summary of the movie :  a young couple goes on a romantic getaway which is ruined when the guy is bitten by a bat .  they bravely try to stick it out but he starts raving ,  trying to convince those around him that it's a bit more involved than rabies ,  that he can't control himself ,  and they everyone should keep away .   now ,  when some one is frothing at the mouth ,  covered with sweat ,  eyes boggling about like one of the cheaper muppets and screaming at you to get away from me ,  you get away from him .  you don't try to give him drugs ,  you don't try to tell him you love him ,  you give the guy his space ,  go home ,  and try that scenic getaway next year .   but no ,  the people in this movie all behave like morons ,  insist on pushing the guy to his brink ,  and he flips out ,  mutates into a part man part bat type creature ,  and kills a bunch of non-essential secondary characters .  nothing wrong with that ,  but the movie forgets that it's a low budget creature feature and tries to be some sort of psychological study .  instead of a monster movie ,  we get lots of people running around trying to get this guy to take a chill pill ,  and eventually he runs off into the hills looking very much more human than he should have ,  people insist on trying to chase him down and pay the expected price .   the main thing wrong with the movie is that this should have happened in the first fifteen or twenty minutes ,  thirty tops ,  and the movie should have been about the guy after he had turned into a bat person ,  rather than about the journey there .  it takes a good eighty minutes to really pick up steam on that front ,  with some interesting character sketches along the way involving the always entertaining michael pataki as a small town cop who's lost his moral edge ,  and the late paul carr as a physician friend who doesn't quite get the message .   the movie is dreadfully boring ,  about fifteen minutes too long and missed the opportunity to be a nice ,  forgettable little creature feature about a mutant run amok like the italian horror favorite ratman ,  which i watched today and was sadly inspired to try this one after seeing .  me and my bright ideas ,  though the scene with the cop car was a howler :  too bad we couldn't have had another twenty minutes of that .   3/10
the movie is just as fun as staring at the sun . sheriff pataki is a total retard that loves nothing better to do than sit on his fat rear making a smoke ring from his puffy cigars and drinking booze while the doctor acts like a zombie version of nicholas cage sucking up all that so called  " blood "  which in reality seemed like fruit punch .   most of all the plotting seemed very horrid to even call this piece of crap a movie . the rest of the characters in this movie are total wastes of time ,  the ending was awful ,  the outlines were cheesy ,  and the scenes were terrible .  what else more should i say to you viewers out there ?  my advice would be to get your rabies shot if you've already watched the movie .  this movie may give you the foam in the mouth if you didn't get your up-to-date shots . 
the biggest one that bugs the hell out of me is that they say zues takes dutch commands .  but she is speaking german to him .  the 2 languishes are completely different ,  its like saying  " well he takes french commands "  and start talking spanish .   james belushi gives more the feeling of being a comedy actor not a detective in the slightest .  the role just doesn't fit him ,  even if its mend to be a comedy .   to many stereotype/predicable stuff .  typical comment or comebacks .   if you don't look at those things i think it could be a nice movie to watch if its ever on tv .  but i wouldn't suggesting renting it . 
a man wakes from a nightmare about bats .  he and his wife go out into the desert for a picnic on their honeymoon .  he seems to hear a strange noise ,  and she is disturbed by the sight of a bat crawling across their picnic blanket .  he wants to go on a tour of a cave ,  which has something to do with some kind of work he is doing ,  but she wants to enjoy their honeymoon .  she relents .  they go on the tour ,  but leave the group to make out .  she falls down a slope ,  where she is disturbed by insects .  he follows her .  he hears the strange noise again ,  and seems to know a bat is approaching ;  one does ,  and gets in her hair .  he fights it off her ,  and it attacks him ,  biting his forehead .   they get out of the cave ,  but when they are in a gondola at a ski resort ,  he starts having seizures in which he has hallucinations or visions of bats attacking people .  he becomes angry when this happens .  he's unable to drink alcohol without spitting it out .  his wife worries about rabies ,  and he starts a pasteur treatment for that ,  but reacts violently to the injection .   and then some people are killed .  we see parts of the man's transformation into a bat person .  it seems it is not just in his mind .  whether the bat bite causes these transformations is not clear ,  since he already was having some symptoms prior to the bite .   while the title seems inappropriate ,  the implication at the end is that the same thing is happening to another person .  not a very good movie ,  but i liked the variety of the desert ,  cave ,  and ski-slope locations ,  and some of the weirder scenes .  i didn't think this was as bad as other people do ,  and i didn't think the 1999 movie bats was as bad as others think either  ( i rated that one a 5/10 )  . 
this movie promised bat people .  it didn't deliver .  there was a guy who got bit by a bat ,  but what was with the seizures ?  and the stupid transformation ?  where was the plot ?  where was the acting ?  who came up with the idea to make this ?  why was it allowed to be made ?  why ?  why ?  i guess we'll never know . 
ok , so .  .  .  .  . guy gets bitten by a bat and then turns into a bat  ( well , sorta )  .  i can only assume this made sense to someone at the time !  aren't bats supposed to fly ,  use radar ,  and eat bugs instead of attacking humans tho ? 
stewart moss stars as a scientist who is on a working trip with his wife ,  and one gets the feeling that he was picked for this role for his ability to roll his eyes back in his head .  .  . imagine the auditions for this .  .  " can you .  .  . no ,  that's not quite it ,  thank you ,  next !  "  .  anyway ,  he's bitten by a bat ,  and then ,  he's either changing into some kind of bat creature and killing people or .  .  .  . he's not .  for no one else sees his strange transformations ,  but he himself seems to think that he's changing because his wedding ring pops off when his hands turn into claws ,  etc .  to its credit the movie does kind of hold back on whether he's just nuts or whether he's actually transforming into something until almost the very end .  this has some good locations & sort of a decent atmosphere at times but unfortunately none of that can make up for the somewhat lame story and the wonderfully bad acting .  kind of fun in a  " so bad it's good "  way ,  but leans more towards just plain bad .  4 out of 10 . 
 " the bat people "  is a proud resident of the imdb bottom 100 .  every once and a while the movie suddenly vanishes from the infamous list ,  depending on whether there are new movies with paris hilton in the lead or documentaries about american idol stars ,  but it always reliably returns sooner or later .  and why ?  because ,  unlike the majority of crap in that list ,   " the bat people "  is a legitimate bad film and it deserves to be on there regardless of any media influences or internet buzz !  this nearly isn't the worst film ever made ,  since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and ingenuity ,  but it's still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing .  the script is incredibly boring ,  with absolutely unnecessary padding footage and gigantic gaps in continuity ,  and yet the main characters still remain total strangers throughout the entire film .  other than a sensible screenplay ,  the film also lacks spectacular killing sequences and the make-up effects  although courtesy of a young stan winston  are ludicrously inept and remain largely unseen until the end of the film .  the film's title is inaccurate ,  as  " people "  refers to a number in plural whereas the story actually just revolves on one bat person .  much more than bruce wayne ,  the real batman plays in this movie and he as well has a genuine bat-cave and a bat-mobile  ( a stolen ambulance )  !  the plot introduces a young couple on their honeymoon-weekend exploring caves .  they wander off from a guided tour group and he gets bitten by a bat whilst trying to protect his wife from the animal's vicious attack .  worried that he might be infected with rabies ,  he undergoes an intense treatment at the local hospital ,  but still this doesn't prevent him from slowly transforming into a bloodthirsty bat creature .  he kills random people at night and toys around with the suspicious police sergeant whilst his loving wife is still vastly convinced the awkward behavior is exclusively due to allergic reactions to the rabies treatment .  sure ,  honey !  the script never explains why a bat would attack people and how come john always changes back into a normal human being at the dawn of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of bat-guano .  so basically ,   " the bat people "  is a variation on the good old werewolf-theme ,  but obviously not a very interesting one .  the concept showed a lot of potential ,  but somehow the sub plots center on whiny drunks and perverted sheriffs instead of on ghastly monsters .  some of the settings and exterior filming locations look impressive ,  the misfit song playing during the credits is strangely catchy ,  there's a nice bit of gore during the climax  ( finally !  )  and main actress marianne mcandrew is ravishing to look at  ( though not to listen to )  .  this truly bad and boring film's current listing in the bottom 100 is spot number 80 ,  and personally i hope it sticks somewhere in that region .  the list simply wouldn't feel and traditional without  " the bat people "  . 
or maybe that's what it feels like .  anyway ,   " the bat people "  is about as flat as a rug ,  bland as a sack of flour and as exciting as a rock .  .  . and as intelligent as all three combined .   okay ,  plot in a nutshell  ( fitting vessel ,  that .  .  .  )  :  a doctor  ( moss )  gets bitten by a bat while checking out a cave with his wife  ( mcandrew )  and subsequently turns into a bat - well ,  not exactly a bat but a bat-like creature that looks more like a werewolf who kills his victims in a first-person camera viewpoint .  .  .  .   but then there's the business of the sheriff  ( pataki )  ,  who is about the worst kind of sheriff :  the hick kind .  he hassles people ,  he leers at married women ,  he steals handkerchiefs from haberdasheries  ( the fiend !  )  ,  he smokes with one of those cigarette holders in his mouth and talks at the same time ,  making him look and sound like buford t .  justice in  " smokey and the bandit "  and  ( this is the worst part )  .  .  .  he's the most likeable character in the whole film !   the whole film ,  though ,  is just tv movie-of-the-week-like crapola  ( guano ,  in this case )  .  it's an aip ,  for crying out loud !  what did you expect ,  oscar caliber stuff ?   and what else can you say about a film that not even mst3k can save ?   how about .  .  . no stars for  " the bat people "  ,  full version or mst3k version !   by the way ,  if there's ever a sequel for this movie ,  i'm burying my tv . 
i saw this movie on mystery science theater when it was called  " it lives by night "  .  that title is much less misleading than  " batpeople "  .  in fact it would more accurately be called batperson .  this movie is about a doctor who studies bats i am thinking because he wants to make a better cure for rabies .  this is not really clear .  what is clear is that he and his wife take a tour of a cave and he gets bitten by a bat .  why a scientist needs to take a tour to study bats is beyond me .  shouldn't he be able to go in by himself .  well after being bitten he and his wife go on their honeymoon where he starts having fits .  they go to the worst doctor ever .  the guy stays in the hospital and kills a nurse .  in the end the guy kills 3-4 people and his wife stands by him and you are supposed to be rooting for him instead of the sheriff investigating the murders . 
watching it lives by night makes you wonder ,  just who in the world greenlit this crap .  a newlywed couple go spelunking on their honeymoon ,  get attacked by bats and the husband starts to run around in his pajamas attacking various people .  and where exactly are they ?  they're in the desert ,  then they're skiing ,  then they're in a small town that looks like it has mountains nearby .  the town is run by a sheriff who likes to watch and has a personal vendetta against whiny doctor boy .  the ski hospital is run by a really groovy guy with a nice thick mustache and the wife looks like mary tyler moore or marilyn quayle .  there's no dramatic tension and the ending will leave you filled with anger .  special effects and makeup guru stan winston did the effects for this movie .  i guess you have to start somewhere . 
this movie was just plain bad .  just about every cop movie cliché is present and accounted for .  bad guy gets away ?  check .  partner ?  check .  wacky personality clash with partner ?  check .  rookie with something to prove ?  check .  rookie shows up grizzled veteran .  check .  about the only ones it didn't touch on were idiot shoot themselves in the foot and retirony but i guess they're saving those old chestnuts for dooley's next outing .  add in the battle of the sexes with girl power along with tired old sight gags and banal overdone material like dooley's prize car getting trashed all the time and you have the recipe for one really bad movie .  avoid this one at all costs . 
after being bitten by a bat in a cave , a doctor named john beck undergoes an accelerating transformation into a man-bat creature . his wife assures him that there's nothing wrong with him , it's all just due to rabies or the anti-rabies drugs he's taking . the local cop thinks that john is responsible for several gruesome murders .  " the bat people "  by jerry jameson is one hell of a horrible film . the script is deadly dull and there is no gore nor nudity . this pointless piece of crap is so mind-numbingly boring that you'll scratch your head in a total disbelief after suffering through it . even the design of a man-bat creature by a young stan winston is completely pathetic and unmemorable . avoid this stinker like the plague . 2 out of 10 . 
i had the distinct displeasure of seeing this movie at the 2006 vancouver international film festival .  i have been attending this festival for over 5 years ,  and i have certainly seen some poor movies on occasion .  however ,  'first bite' has reached a brand new low in film .  in spite of being shot in beautiful locations ,  with the occasional ,  exquisite close up of fabulous food ,  the movie contorts an excessive number of plot twists and stilted characters until i was practically begging for it to end .   the lead actor ,  david la haye ,  completely failed to show any character development throughout the movie ,  portraying a pompous chef from beginning to end .  additional sub-plots ,  such as eating disorders ,  were developed so poorly and completely did not fit within any context that the movie had shown up to that point .   a theme of mysticism was used as a poor attempt to conceal a movie that achieves nothing ,  goes nowhere ,  and completely disappoints . 
i just saw this at the 2006 vancouver international film festival .  the synopsis in the festival guide sounded pretty good so we decided to check this one out .  i'm sorry to say i was very disappointed .   besides being poorly written ,  it was boring .  i won't take away from the actors as there is not much they could do with this bad script .   first bite was cliché without being ironic ,  over the top seriousness without being funny .  the movie would have been better had hunt hoe went with a campy horror feel .  instead he took himself to seriously and this resulted with a boring film .  i can't recommend this film .  it felt too long and all in all just plain weak . 
this film is so bad i can't believe it was actually shot .  people who voted 10 or 9 ,  8 and even 7 ,  are you insane ?  did we really watch the same movie ?  or the same sh** should i say .  everything is bad in this film .  the story  ( is there a story ?  )  is going nowhere ,  completely incoherent ,  the acting  ( some dialogs are simply just ridiculous )  ,  the music score  ( what the **** is that ?  )  ,  the editing ,  and especially the artistic direction ,  a pure disaster .  reminds me the old macist movies .  .  .  to give you an example of the amateurism of the production ,  the mermaid's costume is a sleeping bag with spangles sticked on it .  i'm not joking ,  that's exactly what it is .   another example of the enormous mistakes we find here :  you see in a scene an extra ,  a fat woman of about 200 pounds ,  who's talking on her cell phone .  the next shot ,  which is in a complete different location ,  you can see this same woman ,  still talking on her cell phone  (  !  )  yes ,  it goes that far .    a big ,  huge ,  waste of money .  useless . 
1st watched 11/7/2002 - 2 out of 10 ( dir-john bianco )  :  pretty lame gangster movie about a godfather-like family in brooklyn who like to say four-letter words a lot and kill people .  the only thing of interest here was their attempt to show the feds being a lot like the gang .  this is the only attempt at good film-making .  the rest of the movie was predictable ,  and cheaply-made .  the quality of the photography on some of the scenes inside bars and floozy joints almost made you think there was a problem with your dvd player because of the bad contrasts and some of the actors were hard to hear at times because of the bad sound .  the acting was pretty-much characatures of all your favorite gangsters from better movies with corny names like vinnie `knuckles' and jimmie `tattoos' ,  and the plot pretty much followed those patterns as well .  so ,  go see a better gangster movie before you put your money out for this one . 
this movie was a confusing piece of garbage .  you never knew what was going on .  the characters were poorly written and for the most part they were totally unsympathetic except for gus  ( played masterfully by george eads )  .  i hate this movie but compared to others  ( dark harvest ,  dracula's curse )  it should have won an academy award .  it was particularly sad to see a talented actor like george eads in such a disgraceful and tacky film .  lifetime you have sunken to whole new low .  someone needs to make sure that this director never works in movies again .  also was this supposed to be a horror film because it was a lot more funny than scary .  for shame lifetime ,  for shame . 
did i miss something here ?  this  " adaptation "  has everything that brookmyres first novel had .  everything apart from the story ,  the laughs ,  the black humour ,  the political intrigue ,  the characterisations ,  the plot ,  and some semblance of sense .   spoilers ;   godamnawful ,  from beginning to end .  they made a mockery of the plot ,  they had a romance between parablane and a cop ,  and what was that all about ,  dr slaughter was portrayed as a bystander ,  and who the hell was annette crosby supposed to be ?   it looked like they had made a three hour adaptation ,  then chopped it down to 90 minutes .   ( even though the 90 minutes seemed to last forever .  )  please ,  please ,  do not do this to any other of brookmyres books ,   ( especially  " country of the blind .  ) 
what an absolute pile of pants .  having read chris brookmyre's books religiously since i came across  " quite ugly .  .  .  "  ,  i was delighted to find out that this drama had been commissioned .   i obviously had too much faith .    nesbitt is probably the best thing in this show - and even he doesn't quite fit .  how anyone can read the book ,  and then adapt it to this piece of dross is beyond me .   entire characters are changed ,  situations are dropped ,  and to see parlablane's dramatic break-in reduced to nesbitt doing a quick chin up and sliding open a bay window .  .  .  it brought tears to my eyes .   i dread to think what's going to happen with  " country of the blind "  if this is the benchmark .  .  .   please ,  just avoid it .  .  . 
if you want an undemanding and reasonably amusing hour or so ,  then it's ok to watch this .  it's not all that bad ,  really .  yeah ,  it's got more lapses in logic than i care to describe here and might tax the patience of people - like myself ,  i have to admit - who are inclined to throw things at the tv on occasion ,  but it's funny at least .  just because it's not always intentionally funny ,  there's no need to let that get you down .   however ,  if you've read the book - or any of the other books by brookmyre - then you'd probably best avoid it .  i've read them all and when i first watched this film ,  i despised it .  i've trashed it in detail and at great length on another site ,  in fact .  the tv plot bears practically no relevance at all to that of the book and served only to outrage and infuriate many faithful  ( and admittedly rabid )  brookmyre fans .   best bit of advice .  .  ?  watch this ,  then read the book and only then make your comparisons and submit your judgement . 
leslie sands' stilted play  " deadlock "  becomes a poor-choice vehicle for bette davis and gary merrill ,  just after their joint-success in  " all about eve "  .  after killing her spouse ,  a scheming woman is visited by her husband's best friend ,  who passes himself off as her husband once others begin stopping by the house .  irving rapper ,  one of bette's best directors from her peak years ,  is sadly unable to elevate this ridiculous material ,  in which davis is curiously aloof and restrained until the outrageous finale  ( where she thankfully pulls out all the stops )  .  production and supporting cast strictly second-rate ;  only for bette davis completists .  *1/2 from ****
 " don't drink the water "  is an unbelievably bad film .  it's based on a 1966 broadway play by woody allen .  it stars jackie gleason ,  the comic genius behind  " the honeymooners "  .  the director ,  howard morris ,  has appeared in several mel brooks comedies  ( life stinks ,  high anxiety ,  silent movie ) and has made a mark in animation  ( characters he has voiced include gopher from  " pooh "  ,  jughead  ( archie ) and beetle bailey )  what went wrong ?   i think the problem is that the premise is played out too seriously to work effectively .  allen's original play was tongue-in-cheek ,  which is why it worked on broadway and in allen's 1994 remake .  the screenplay by r . s .  allen and harvey bullock beats the premise to death and makes too many changes from the original play .  making gleason's wife an airhead in this version when she was a headstrong woman in the original is just one example of why this doesn't work .   the acting isn't much better .  gleason does the best he can with the material ,  but he can't save this .  gleason was a comic genius  ,  but also a fine actor as he demonstrated in  " the hustler "  and  " soldier in the rain "  .  his abrasive personality could have worked here ,  but the lousy script doesn't even give him a chance .  too bad .  estelle parsons' airhead wife will drive you nuts after 20 minutes .  see how soon it'll take for you to want to strangle her .  that is also a shame because she is also a fine actress ,  having turned in two exceptional performances in  " bonnie and clyde "  and  " rachel ,  rachel "  none of the other actors do particularly well either .   woody allen hated this film so much that he remade the film in 1994 with himself and julie kavner  ( marge simpson )  in the leads .  they manage to hit all the right notes and the film itself is a comic masterpiece .  it's finally on video after a long battle over rights .  do go out and find that version .  all the 1969 original is good for is clearing out unwanted guests who overstay their welcome .   1/2* out of 4 stars
i just got the uk 4-disc special edition of superman 1 for about $5 .  the additional stuff includes the 1951 feature superman and the mole-men .  so i slapped it into the dvd player last night ,  and here are my findings .   some initial disappointment - i hadn't checked ,  and i think i had it mentally tagged as one of the kirk alyn serials .  i'm not a huge fan of george reeves as superman ,  and i hadn't seen anything other than the odd clip of kirk alyn - but hey ho ,  never mind .   this black and white production runs for less than an hour .  it has the feel of a couple of episodes of one of reeves' early tv series ,  a two-parter ,  put together for cinema release ,  although imdb says it was filmed as a cinema release in advance of the first tv series .  in any event ,  it's an odd choice for reasons i'll get to later .  i'm of an age where i recall tv and movie productions which are limited to one or two locations and sets ,  so there were no major surprises here .  even so ,  for a low budget movie ,  this one is really low budget .   the story concerns the small town of silsby - population 1 , 430 - which ,  puzzlingly ,  is also home to the world's deepest oil well  ( 6 miles )  .  the story opens with the well's foreman hurriedly taking steps to close the well down .  this conflicts with the arrival of metropolis reporters kent and lane to report on the well ,  at the behest of the oil company .  as clark is sniffing out the fact that the drill has emerged into a radioactive cavern 6 miles down ,  a couple of odd little guys  ( small in stature ,  big in head ,  black in jumpsuit ,  and bushy in eyebrow )  emerge from the capped-off drillshaft ,  and start mooching round town with puzzled expressions on their faces .   a deep breath now ,  here is the remaining plot of the picture .  the little guys scare some kids ,  so jeff corey  ( playing the town's rampant xenophobe )  incites some pals to kill these  " creatures "  .  superman steps in  ( moderately ineffectually )  and catches one of the little guys who has been shot and takes him to the local hospital .  corey's pals burn down the shack the other little fellow has hidden in and assume he is killed ,  but he escapes and legs it down the shaft .  corey incites a lynch mob  ( despite the sheriff arresting him )  to hang the hospitalised mole-man .  superman stops them entering the hospital and takes the injured chappie to the shaft to return him to his fellows .  a total of 4 mole-men emerge with a weapon of some sort which they fire at jeff corey  ( i call this an aargh !  gun because its sole effect seems to be to make corey go  " aargh !  "  )  and superman saves him .  he immediately changes his ways because of amazement at superman saving him after the way he has behaved ,  the mole-men go back down the shaft .  the end .   despite the film only being an hour long ,  there is an inordinate amount of creeping around ,  bewareing and pursuing - i have left out all the  " mole-man 1 creeps from a to b ,  looking out to make sure no-one is following him "  stuff .  the mole-men are never engaged in any way whatsoever - they have no dialogue - they just turn up ,  get persecuted ,  and go back .  they do look a little creepy ,  but they are hardly the bug-eyed monsters that the town's reaction implies .   reeves is quite a good clark kent - very much a hard-nosed reporter ,  much more so than phyllis coates' rather indifferent lois lane .  but he is a terrible ,  terrible superman .  not only does he not look the part  ( at least his hair is dyed black in this ,  which is an improvement from the rather light hair he sported in some of the tv episodes )  ,  the way he plays it is all wrong in my book .  i'm sure he was told to  " strike the pose "   ( which superman does constantly )  ,  but someone should have told him that it should be fists on hips ,  not fists on ribs .  and he plays superman as a rather strict and touchy schoolteacher - he doesn't actually wag his finger in remonstration ,  but he may as well have done .   and superman does a huge amount of walking around  ( i say a huge amount - he isn't actually in it all that much )  ,  and a bit of running .  he takes off and lands a couple of times ,  but isn't seen in flight at any point .  oh ,  some bullets bounce off him ,  and he uses telescopic vision as clark ,  but with no accompanying visual effect .  in fact ,  visual effects are conspicuous by their absence ,  and the few which are present aren't very good .   i've tried to consider this effort by reference to the standards of the time :  but even by those standards i think it's a pretty threadbare effort .  thankfully ,  production standards on the tv series were higher ,  and at least they took the trouble to come up with stories which had a bit more to them .   something of a disappointment - i shan't be watching it again . 
the toy box  ( 1971 )  bomb  sure ,  i like looking at nude women .  while i prefer hardcore porn flicks ,  i'll take softcore exploitation grindhouse junk like this too under the right circumstances .  well ,  these aren't the right circumstances .  these aren't any circumstances .  there's supposed to be a horrific subplot lurking in here somewhere ,  but i'll be damned if i can untangle it .  this is another of those amateurish steaming piles of badly made manure that bores you to tears rather than stimulates you ,  despite all the simulated sex going on all over the place .  bah -- if i want to see good sex scenes ,  i'll watch the real stuff . 
the long list of  " big "  names in this flick  ( including the ubiquitous john mills )  didn't bowl me over to the extent that i couldn't judge the film on its actual merits .  it is full of stereotypes ,  caricatures ,  and standard ,  set scenes ,  from the humble air-ace hero to the loud-mouthed yank flyer .  the music track was such that at one point ,  about an hour before the end ,  i thought the film was over :  loud ,  rising crescendo ,  grand flourish and finish then silence ,  but then the movie continued !  i found no real storyline ,  haphazard writing ,  but smartly-pressed uniforms and the pretty jean simmons  ( pre-nose job )  with a rousing little ditty .  i cannot say that this picture has any of the ingredients which make a film great .  i found it maudlin ,  mawkish and minor . 
i actually prefer robin williams in his more serious roles  ( e . g .  good will hunting ,  the fisher king ,  the world according to garp )  .  these are my favorite robin williams movies .  but seize the day ,  although well-acted ,  is one of the worst movies i've ever seen and certainly the worst robin williams movie  ( even worse than death to smoochy ,  club paradise ,  and alladin on ice )  .   every good story is going to have its ups and downs .  this movie ,  however ,  is one giant down .  i don't need a feel-good hollywood cheese-fest ,  but i've got to have something other than 90 minutes of complete and utter hopelessness .  this movie reminds me of  " love liza "   ( which is actually worse )  because it seems that the only point of the movie is to see how far one person can fall .  the answer ?  who cares . 
prom night 2 is an ok horror movie but prom night is way better and this movies about how the prom queen mary lou in 1957 gets killed by her boyfriend and comes back 30 years later for revenge . the best actor in this movie is micheal ironside and the movie stars other ok actors and actress like justin louis  ( i )  , wendy lyon , lisa schrage and richard monette ( i )  . and there are some good gore scenes like when mary lou kills the girl that is trying to hide in her locker by crushing the lockers together and how one of the students are on the computer and mary lou electrocutes him to death . over all this is an ok/good horror movie and my rating is 4 out of 10 . 
hello mary lou :  prom night ii starts at the hamilton high school prom of 1957 where mary lou maloney  ( lisa schrage )  is cheating on her date bill nordham  ( steve atkinson )  with bud cooper  ( robert lewis )  .  bill finds out & is devastated ,  meanwhile mary lou is announced prom queen 1957 & takes to the stage to accept her award .  bill ,  still hurting ,  decides to play a practical joke on mary lou so he throws a firecracker on stage but the still lit fuse catches mary lou's dress setting it & her on fire ,  within seconds mary lou is toast .  30 years later & hamilton high is soon to hold it's annual prom night .  bill  ( micheal ironside )  is now the principal & has a teenage son named craig  ( justin louis )  who is dating vicki carpenter  ( wendy lyon )  & are both planning on going to the prom together .  bud  ( richard monette )  is now a priest ,  that terrible night 30 years ago still haunt both bill & bud .  one day vicki is looking around the schools basement when she discovers a large trunk which she opens ,  this turns out to be a bad move as the vengeful spirit of mary lou is set free & is intent on claiming her crown as prom queen & in her spare time sets out to avenge her untimely death .  first up is jess browning  ( beth gondek )  whose death is put down to a suicide ,  mary lou begins to posses vicki's body as the night of the prom draws nearer .  after disposing of some competition in the shape of kelly hennenlotter  ( terri hawkes )  who tries to fix the prom so she wins .  mary lou in vicki's body is crowned hamilton high prom queen which allows mary lou herself to come back from the dead to make an unexpected appearance & really liven the party up .  .  .   with absolutely no connection to the original prom night  ( 1980 )  & directed by bruce pittman i thought hello mary lou :  prom night ii wasn't a particularly good film .  the script by ron oliver concentrates more on supernatural elements rather than cheap teen slasher themes ,  whether this was a good or bad decision will depend on your expectations i suppose .  personally i found these different elements didn't really gel or work that well together at all .  the whole film was far to slow to be really enjoyable ,  after the opening sequence where mary lou dies no one else is killed until the half hour mark & then the film plods along for another half an hour until vicki is finally possessed & the film finally picks up momentum for the climax where an evil mary lou kills a whole one person at the prom before she is supposedly defeated ,  come on horror film fans you did expect that clichéd 'killer not dead & ready for a sequel' ending didn't you ?  don't expect a hight body count ,  just five throughout the entire film & none particularly graphic although i did like the way monica  ( beverley hendry as beverly hendry )  tried to hide in a shower room locker which mary lou crushed & resulting in poor monica's blood oozing out .  the supernatural side of hello mary lou :  prom night ii is depicted by vicki having lots of hallucinations for the first hour & mary lou controlling objects during the latter stages including a couple of creepy shots of a rocking horse which comes to life ,  the blackboard scene is quite good as well as it turns into water & zombie hands drag vicki into it .  the slasher side of hello mary lou :  prom night ii isn't outstanding ,  i did like mary lou herself as she churns out the obligatory one-liners & she made for a good villain even if she didn't get to kill enough people .  oh ,  & yes i did get the running homages to various other horror film director's with almost all of the character's sharing last names with one ,  this obviously adds nothing to the film but is a nice little touch i suppose .  the acting is ok but the normally dependable micheal ironside looks lost & uninterested almost as if he's asking himself what he's doing in this & if he'll ever work again .  forget about any gore ,  someone is hanged ,  there is a stabbing with a crucifix that happens off screen ,  someone is impaled with a neon light ,  a computer goes crazy & electrocutes someones face (  !  ?  )  & mary lou bursts out of vicki's body at first as a rotting zombie which was quite a cool scene .  there are some full frontal nudity shots in the girls shower as well ,  if that's your thing .  to give it some credit hello mary lou :  prom night ii is ok to watch ,  has reasonable production values throughout & is generally well made .  overall i was disappointed by hello mary lou :  prom night ii ,  it was just too slow & ultimately uneventful to maintain my interest for nearly 100 minutes .  i'm not sure whether it deserves a 3 or 4 star rating ,  i'll give it a 4 as there's nothing specifically wrong with it i suppose & i've sat through much worse films but it just didn't really do anything for me i'm afraid . 
what is the point of creating sequels that have absolutely no relevance to the original film ?  no point .  this is why the prom night sequels are so embarrassingly bad .   the original film entailed a group of children hiding a dark secret that eventually get them all killed ,  bar one ,  in a brutal act of revenge .  can someone please explain to me what a dead prom queen-to-be rising from the grave to steel the crown has to do with the first movie then ?  prom night 2 had continuous plot holes that left the audience constantly wondering how did that happen and why should that happen ?  but in the end ,  i guess you could call it one of those movies that is so bad ,  you end up laughing yourself through it . 
this is only related to the first movie by the name .  the plot has nothing to do with the first and the whole movie stinks !  !  !  i have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so bad .  avoid this at all costs ,  the first movie in the series is acceptable as a slasher flick and so is the fourth but this one and the 3rd are rubbish !  ! 
and not in a fun-to-watch way .  it's just bad .  it's shocking that people have posted positive things about it here .  the story sucks ,  the acting is bad ,  it's not scary ,  the special effects aren't special--oh no !  the blackboard has hands coming out of it !  oh gee--the mirror turned into water !  the hair ,  clothes and makeup in the '50s scenes aren't accurate ,  and they got a middle-aged man with a receding hairline to play the high-school version of himself .  this is like later-on nightmare on elm street stuff .  i enjoy sitting down to watch a cheesy horror movie as much as anyone else ,  but there are better bad ones out there to choose from . 
mary lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957 .   well ,  the movie mainly takes place in 1986 .  the movie falls into the 80's trap of weird/stupid special effects ,  including some weird demented looking rocking horse .   anyway ,  mary lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body .  whether or not she succeeds ,  you'll have to watch to find out .   anyway ,  the movie is largely boring and based around a bunch of worthless characters .  this also isn't really a sequel ,  the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school .  it has the avg .  horror flick fall backs ,  gore ,  pointless nudity ,  knocks against the catholic church .  basic stuff ,  boring movie .   the acting is decent enough to give it a 3 out of 10 .  you can waste your time doing something else . 
your attitude going into prom night ii will determine how much joy you take away from the film .  if you're expecting a horror masterpiece ,  look elsewhere .  if you like campy movies that are rather fun to watch unfold ,  you'll like this .  lisa schrage has the time of her life playing an over the top mary lou and wendy loyd channels schrage's rage perfectly during her time  " possessed "  .   not classic cinema but a fun way to kill a couple of hours with a wicked ending .   
i agree with everything people said on this one but i must add that the soundtrack is probably the worst one i have ever heard my entire life !  there are actual vocals during times when you are supposed to be listening to the actors talk !  and the vocals are like a broadway version of danzig singing ,   " the darkness of the forest !  oh the darkness of the dark ,  dark forest !  "  or something else so unthreatening .  the singer has a terrible vibrato and has been recorded with a treble-y microphone over some synthed-up string section and fake drum beats .  it's horrible !  !    yes ,  the male leads are awful .  so are the female ones .  this is one bad case of gender stereotyping - it's so bad !  everything they say revolves around being a male or a female ,  just playing up the stereotypes to the max .  makes me sick .  soooo boring !  !  !    the children were so echoey in their lines ,  you couldn't understand them .  and why do female ghost children always wear cute little bows in their hair ,  pretty blue dresses and long hair ?  and ghost boys always wear clean cut slacks with cute little shiny blond hair ?  not scary - stupid .   daddy's face was way too blemish free and clean to be that of a man living in a cave .  nice beard and bangs ,  pa .  did you perfectly cut those with a knife yourself or did you stroll into town and go to the salon ?   stupid movie . 
i saw this movie at an actual movie theater  ( probably the $2 . 00 one )  with my cousin and uncle .  we were around 11 and 12 ,  i guess ,  and really into scary movies .  i remember being so excited to see it because my cool uncle let us pick the movie  ( and we probably never got to do that again !  )  and sooo disappointed afterwards !  !  just boring and not scary .  the only redeeming thing i can remember was corky pigeon from silver spoons ,  and that wasn't all that great ,  just someone i recognized .  i've seen bad movies before and this one has always stuck out in my mind as the worst .  this was from what i can recall ,  one of the most boring ,  non-scary ,  waste of our collective $6 ,  and a waste of film .  i have read some of the reviews that say it is worth a watch and i say ,   " too each his own "  ,  but i wouldn't even bother .  not even so bad it's good . 
back in the 1970s ,  wpix ran  " the adventures of superman "  every weekday afternoon for quite a few years .  every once in a while ,  we'd get a treat when they would preempt neighboring shows to air  " superman and the mole men .  "  i always looked forward to those days .  watching it recently ,  i was surprised at just how bad it really was .   it wasn't bad because of the special effects ,  or lack thereof .  true ,  george reeves' superman costume was pretty bad ,  the edges of the foam padding used to make him look more imposing being plainly visible .  and true ,  the mole men's costumes were even worse .  what was supposed to be a furry covering wouldn't have fooled a ten year-old ,  since the zippers ,  sleeve hems and badly pilling fabric badly tailored into baggy costumes were all painfully obvious .  but these were forgivable shortcomings .   no ,  what made it bad were the contrived plot devices .  time and again ,  superman failed to do anything to keep the situation from deteriorating .  a lynch mob is searching for the creatures ?  rather than round up the hysterical crowd or search for the creatures himself ,  he stands around explaining the dangers of the situation to lois and the pr man .  the creatures are cornered ?  again ,  he stands around watching and talking but doesn't save them until they're shot .  luke benson ,  the town's rabble-rouser ,  shoots at him ?  attempted murder to any reasonable person ,  but superman releases the man over and over to cause more problems .  superman had quite a few opportunities to nip the problem in the bud ,  but never once took advantage of them .   that said ,  both george reeves and phyllis coates played their characters well ,  seemingly instantly comfortable in the roles .  if only they had been given a better script to work with . 
it's a ghost story .  it's a cannibalism story .  it's a revenge story .  it's a very poorly done film with a lot of violence .  i suppose it follows cheaply along the lines of every slasher movie you've ever seen .  it has the usual isolated place ,  the cocky campers ,  heading off to the wilderness .  granted ,  there are some pretty intense scenes .  it's just so dull .  bad editing and the whole works .  there are ghost children who sound like they are talking into a wastebasket .  i'm not really sure what rules the ghosts and the psycho with the seed cap are playing by .  it also has the gross out scene where a man eats a piece of meat which is actually what's left of his wife .  a friend of mine once asked me why it is necessary to show this kind of gratuitous ,  sick violence .  i fear that it's just another step in our desensitized evolution .  three is no cleverness here ,  no tongue in cheek ,  only a sad waste of time .  lots of blood ;  little plot . 
i sought out a copy of the forest because i was watching a vh1 special ,  i think  " where are they now "  ,  and saw the video box flash across the screen during a segment on the actor corky pigeon .  he played the male child ghost in this b horror horrible ,  but i remember him from his character freddy on the silver spoons television show .  this flick's a major letdown .  there's nothing here .  it actually took me four months to watch it from start to finish .  i kept stopping it in boredom ,  setting it aside and forgetting about it ,  then stumbling on it and trying once again to get through it .  obviously ,  the angle of this film that was intended to set it apart from its counterparts was the supernatural element ,  the apparitions .  and obviously ,  here ,  that doesn't work .  i can't stand the male leads .  i kept expecting them to look down at their palms during the longer dialogue scenes in order to read cheat lines .  the situation at the beginning where the couples decide to go camping separately is awkward and plain dumb .  i guess the only positive thing to say about this one is the scene where the guy falls and breaks his leg ,  you can see the bone sticking out of his flesh .  it's fairly good gore makeup there .  man ,  i'm really reaching for a positive now ,  huh .  the only other no-budget horror film on a level as bad as this one would be home sweet home . 
the forest isn't just your everyday standard slasher/backwoods cannibal fare ,  it also has an interesting mix of supernatural elements as well .  the story is about two couples that hike into the forest on a camping trip .  a cave dwelling ,  cannibalistic woodsmen and the ghosts of his dead wife and two children soon terrorize them .  there is something you don't see every slasher .  director don jones gets an  " a "  for effort although the film itself falls flat on just about every level ,  the acting is just simply average except for jeanette kelly who plays the dead wife of the woodsman  ( michael brody aka gary kent )  .   the film opens with some beautiful shots of a couple hiking through a valley and into a forest .  they realize too late that someone is stalking them .  they are both dispatched in typical slasher fare .  our killer uses a trusty hunting knife throughout the entire film ,  except during a flashback when he implements a handsaw ,  pitchfork and rusty saw blade to dispatch his cheating wife's lover .   the forest has a good story line but the movie just doesn't work along with it i found it pretty boring with simply crappy acting .  4/10
a truly disturbed ,  cannibalistic psychopath ,  john ( gary kent ,  under the pseudonym michael brody )  who lives in a cave ,  stalks campers who make the unfortunate mistake of backpacking in his wilderness .  steve ( dean russell ) and his buddy charlie ( john batis ) get into a playful argument with their wives ,  sharon ( tomi barrett ,  the late real-life wife of gary kent )  ) & teddi ( ann wilkinson ) over surviving in the woods camping by themselves .  to prove a point ,  the gals decide to head for the wilderness out of los angeles for a camping trip disturbing their partners to the point that they soon follow afterward .  falling prey to john ,  teddi is soon killed as sharon runs for her life as the men arrive late to the wilderness due to their truck's overheating .  afraid ,  tired ,  and paranoid ,  sharon receives some very unusual assistance .  . john's ghost children !  that's right ,  john's children remain in the wilderness ,  ghostly apparitions which spy on those who exist in the woods ,  taking a special liking to sharon ,  helping guide her to safety and her friends .  meanwhile ,  steve and charlie soon find shelter from a down pour and the darkness of night in the very cave where john lives .  cooking over a burning fire ,  the meat simmering is actually from charlie's wife ,  teddi !  unknowingly charlie eats from the meat when offered by john who finds the outsiders inside his dwelling place !  anyway ,  soon ,  worried about their wives ,  steve and charlie set out to find them as morning breaks .  meanwhile ,  john goes a hunting ,  with charlie ,  steve ,  and sharon in a fight for survival .  when steve suffers a compound fracture stumbling between two massive rocks over a flowing river ,  he will be handicapped only increasing such an already nightmare scenario ,  with sharon following her ghostly young friends to potential safety .  . they even ,  at one point ,  plead with their father to not kill her .  charlie ,  unfortunately ,  doesn't have such friends .   director donald jones (  .  . who also wrote it and went broke funding the film ) smartly shoots the film in such a breathtaking ,  gorgeous location in the sequoia national park ,  in california ,  where those gargantuan trees tower to great heights ,  and i basically watch backwoods slashers for this very purpose .  for some strange reason ,  i didn't particularly find jones' direction of the setting very atmospheric .  . the dread was missing ,  although there are some rather disturbing attacks by john using his knife (  .  . shot in a clever way ,  jones' camera suggests more than what is actually on screen ,  yet ,  somehow ,  still achieves that gasp at what john is doing to victims )  .  within such a picturesque landscape ,  to see innocents preyed upon by a maniac ,  that kind of increases the terror .  city folk attempting to spend a nice few days in a different place ,  to smell the clean ,  fresh air ,  enjoy the sights of a lovely view ,  only to find themselves stalked by a creepy predator with a very intimidating knife .  providing the back-story to why john is the monster he is ,  jones allows us to witness his memory flashback in discovering his wife's adultery and reacting accordingly (  .  . she is also a ghost in the wilderness looking for her children ,  wishing to punish them for  " being naughty "  ) killing both her and the lover in bed (  .  . a refrigerator repairman )  .  the children ,  sad and depressed committed suicide and now  " haunt "  the wilderness ,  still interacting with their pa or whoever they so choose .  i realize such a novelty as ghost children in a backwoods slasher is unique and appreciated by some ,  but i found the idea rather hokey and too silly to take serious .  they do help our heroine escape a few potentially dangerous situations ,  but it was awfully hard for me to keep from giggling uncontrollably .  the music i found hideously 80's and the performances aren't mind-blowing .  i mean i could react to the situation they were in ,  because it is indeed quite terrifying to find yourselves in an unfamiliar and hostile territory being hunted by someone who knows the area so well .  i think the film is similar in many ways to don't go into the woods .  . alone !  ,  except that the forest has the aforementioned ghost children (  .  . their voices echo when talking to sharon ,  their father ,  or each other )  .  gary kent looks like a filthy george lucas ,  with tattered clothes ,  and humanity lost .  as i mentioned above ,  the violence isn't as grisly as what is suggested because director jones is able to effectively cut away from a great deal of knife penetration ,  yet the way he stages the set pieces leave you rather unsettled (  .  . such as teddi's murder ,  the violence mostly silhouetted on the surface of a nearby huge stone formation ,  her pleas for john to stop and ,  once stabbed several times ,  attempts to crawl away from her predator only to be finished off ; a hanging corpse john is skinning )  .  i've seen better and worse of this type of slasher film ,  it's rather mediocre ,  at best ,  with some effectively shot scenery .  i don't really think it's particularly memorable ,  for the exception of the ghost children . 
the movie starts with a pair of campers ,  a man and a woman presumably together ,  hiking alone in the vast wilderness .  sure enough the man hears something and it pangs him so much he goes to investigate it .  our killer greets him with a stab to the stomach .  he then chases the girl and slashes her throat .  the camera during the opening scene is from the point of view as the killer .   we next meet our four main characters ,  two couples ,  one in which is on the rocks .  the men joke about how the woman would never be able to handle camping alone at a double date ,  sparking the token blonde's ambition to leave a week early .  unexpectedly ,  the men leave the same day and their car breaks down .  .  they end up arriving in the evening .  when the men arrive ,  they are warned about people disappearing in the forest by a crazy ralph doppleganger .  they ignore the warning and venture into the blackening night and an eighties song plays in the background with lyrics about being murdered in the dark forest .  the men get lost .   in the next scene we realize that this isn't just another the burning clone ,  but a ghost story !  the women ,  scared and lonely are huddling together by the fire .  two children appear in the shadows and decide to play peeping tom .  well they are obviously ghosts by the way their voices echo !  their mother appears with blood dripping from a hole in her forehead and asks the two ladies if they've seen her children ,  before disappearing of course .    the children run home to papa and tell him about the two beautiful ladies by the river .  this causes quite a stir and he gets up ,  grabbing his knife from atop the fireplace .   " daddy's going hunting ,  "  the little girl ,  exclaims with bad acting .  it is apparent here ,  that the dad isn't a ghost like his children .   freaked out by something in the woods ,  the token blonde splits ,  running blindly into the night ,  carrying a knife .  she encounters the father who explains he's starving and it will be quick .  this doesn't make sense because of the panther growls we heard earlier  ( maybe he's allergic !  are panthers honestly even in california ?  )  she ends up wounding him slightly before getting stabbed in the head .  a thunderstorm erupts and the men seek shelter ,  which turns out to be where papa resides .  clearly someone lives here because there's a fire and something weird is roasting over it .  the children appear and warn them of papa ,  who shows up moments later .  they disappear as soon as he arrives .   for whatever reason ,  our killer only goes after females .  he invites the men to have something to eat and tells us the story about his ex wife .  we are given a flashback of his wife getting caught cheating .  the old man doesn't tell them however that he kills her and her lover afterwards ,  but daydreams about it .  we aren't given the reason for the children's demise .  the men go to sleep and are left unharmed .  the next morning the men discover the empty campground of their wives .  after a brief discussion they split up .  one is to stay at the campsite ,  while the other goes and gets help .  the one that is going back to his car breaks his leg .  we are then reunited with the children as they explain to the surviving woman that they are ghosts who killed themselves from being sad about their mother .  they agree to help the woman reunite with her friends  the following scene defies the logic of the movie when papa kills the guy waiting at the campsite .  he was also dating or married to the blonde .  somehow the children realize he is murdered and tell the woman about it .  she decides to see it for herself and obviously runs into the killer .  luckily the children make him stop by threatening to leave him forever .  you know where this is going .   overall the movie deserves four stars out of ten ,  and that's being generous .  for all its misgivings ,  the musical score is well done .  it's still watchable too .  there are some camera angles that look professional ,  and some of the sets are done well .  the plot is unbelievable .  there is such a thing as willing suspension of disbelief ,  but with the toad 6 miles away ;  i can't imagine the token blonde would take off like that in the middle of the night .  i mean ,  come on !   - alan  " skip "  bannacheck
a friend and i went through a phase some  ( alot of )  years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening's entertainment .  for some reason ,  i ended up buying this one  ( probably v .  v .  cheap )  .   the cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre .  there's also a few very amusing scenes .  among them is a scene where a man's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects ,  it made me laugh at the time  ( doesn't seem quite so funny in retrospect but there you go )  .   apart from that it's total crap ,  mind you .  but probably worth a watch if you like films like  " chopping mall "  .  yes ,  i've seen that too . 
i mean of all the obscure ,  overlooked ,  low budget horror movies waiting to be re-discovered in a dvd release ,  why pick the forest ?  i love ultra low budget direct to home video or other alternative release horror .  i love 80s hacker horror .  i love backwoods slashers with fools wandering off into the night to be chased ,  murdered and eaten by psychopaths .  i am all for the idea of non-professionals working on a horror movie as a way to maybe break into the industry or just making a movie because they want to make one .  i am all for using found public locations ,  non-actors ,  no name talent behind the camera and in the studio .  no problem !  the most evocative image from the forest is it's opening shot of a couple walking in the distance across a forest into the woods :  we see them as tiny ,  vulnerable creatures entering a dank gloomy world where humans may not be the top of the food chain or most feared predator .  then the film takes a dive & never recovers -- we briefly meet the backpacking couple just as they realize that they are being stalked .  they get separated ,  both are butchered ,  and then we meet the movie's protagonists as they drive their car in a traffic jam .  they meet up with their respective mates and decide to take a camping trip .  sounds of snoring fill the room as people who came over to watch a movie fiddle with their cell phones text messaging people not there telling them how much the movie sucks .   this film is too slow ,  this movie is too boring ,  and this movie is too talky .  which wouldn't be such a bad thing if the writers had given the people something to say other than the most stupid ,  asinine and unnecessary things .  you know your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is the droopy-faced park ranger who warns everyone away from the cannibal woods .  and speaking of these  " woods "  they look about as far away from civilization as the overgrown vacant lot behind the soccer fields ,  only with bigger rocks and a stream flowing through it .  there are impressive shots of the forest primeval ,  but no real sense of being out in the middle of it .  if any one of the characters just sat down on the trail and waited long enough someone would amble by .   what is worse about the film is that it fails to generate any human interest :  i don't know who these couples are and don't care what happens to them .  the hermit cannibal slasher guy is uninteresting even when pretending to saw freshly cooked meat off the leg of one of his victims to serve grisly bites to her boyfriend ,  who just happens to seek shelter in his cave .  the irony of which is the epitome of  " underwhelming "  .  coupled with a deliberately ominous synthesizer music score ,  cinematography that suspiciously looks like someone strapped a camera on a dog and it follow people's movements ,  a lack of appreciable gore ,  nudity ,  lurid thrills and unwholesome atmosphere and what we have here is a horror movie that isn't even as frightening as a pbs educational tv show about how magnets work .   i don't mean to  " dish it out "  to the people behind this film ,  since they obviously went into the project with next to nothing ,  did not push themselves to be creative and ended up with just another boring movie about some maggot chasing women through the woods with a knife .  there is nothing wrong with that concept ,  what is wrong is the unimaginative and utterly pedestrian way this was executed ,  right down to the utterly pointless conclusion when the film simply peters out at about the 80 minute mark .  the best thing that you can say about the forest is that it is over relatively quickly and there isn't much to command a repeat screening -- hence my confusion at why anyone would feel the need for a dvd release .  it was fine as a prism video rental years oddity ,  as a dvd it will be $5 . 99 rack fare inside a month of hitting the shelves .  there is little or no urgency to see the film ,  unless you are considering making your own ultra low budget backwoods hacker set in a public park where nobody can charge you money for filming there .  here is a guide of steps to avoid making .   with all that said and done ,  the film did have one interesting sequence ,  or rather one sequence that was so pathetic and ineptly thought out that it becomes an enigma in an otherwise cut & dried film :  the madman comes home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor .  he dispatches his beloved ,  arms himself with a kitchen knife that looks like it was made just to be used in a horror film and takes off after the interloper .  the guy corners and attacks his quarry ,  who sidesteps & runs away ,  only to have the psycho materialize in his footsteps with a bigger ,  badder weapon .  the psycho attacks again ,  and the guy gets away .  the psycho materializes again ,  and once more the guy gets away .  then again !  finally on the fifth try the psycho trips the dude so to fall on some sort of a bladed contraption .  how did he keep materializing armed with bigger badder weapons like that ?  is there some supernatural element to this psycho ?  since the film never makes it clear either way the scene is just an enigma ,  staged to build some tension .  it's purpose remains unclear .  the whole film is like that really ,  existing without any need to be made and executed in such a ham-fisted ,  uninteresting manner that one cannot help but wonder what the point of it was .   3/10 ,  and ample evidence that just because you can release a movie on dvd that doesn't mean you necessarily should . 
a cannibalistic backwoods killer is on the prowl and two bickering couples might be his next source of protein in this bargain basement friday the 13th-clone cheapie .  there s literally nothing of interest to see in this one ,  the killings are surprisingly sparse and when they do happen ,  completely amateurish .  it also adds ghosts into the mix for no reason what so ever .  i felt drained after watching it as if my brain was liquefying and draining out my nose .  and it remains without a doubt donald jones' worst movie .  if you're thinking of renting it because of code red's snazzy new dvd re-release don't bother  my grade :  f
one of the most boring slashers ever .  .  if you can even call it that .  i wouldn't watch this if it even ended up being some kind of porno movie ,  which it completely resembles .  the fact that you're watching a small group of middle-aged people in the woods is really unbearable .  they made these kinds of movies for teens ,  so who were they really aiming for when they made this sleep-fest ?  my favorite part of this movie is the cover art and it's the only reason i chose to seek out this movie ,  which happened to be part of a suspense classics 50 movie pack .  .  and after seeing the other movies in this 50 pack ,  you'll realize that it belongs nowhere else .  so if you're in the mood for a decent slasher in the woods ,  i recommend just before dawn and the final terror . 
the title of this obscure and  ( almost righteously )  forgotten 80's slasher inevitably reminds me of the cure's mega-smash-monster hit song with the same title ,  hence a piece of the lyrics in the title-section of this user comment .  also ,  i didn't have anything else to say that was useful ,  anyway .  but hey ,   " the forest "  isn't totally hopeless and not even *that* bad ,  actually .  if nothing else ,  at least it obeys the ,  admittedly unwritten ,  first rule of 80's slasher :  kill someone within the first 10 minutes of playtime .  sure you've heard about the basic premise of this film a dozen times before ,  but don't let that discourage you from watching it ,  as  " the forest "  has a couple of things more to offer than just an appealingly sinister cover image .  it's actually a bit of an atypical 80's slasher !  the main characters aren't ordinary brainless teenagers and the script has solid ambitions towards supernaturalism .  the concept isn't always successful ,  let alone plausible ,  but it's more than interesting enough to hold your attention and there are even are a couple of surprisingly strong moments of tension and plot twists to enjoy .  two married couples decide to go camping in the most isolated woods of california ,  but due to a stupid bet the wives travel separately from their husbands .  barely set up for the night ,  they receive uncanny visits from a mother looking for her two children ,  the children themselves and finally the father who's out hunting for human flesh .  the demented family may be real or imaginary ,  but the women are definitely in danger and by the time their husbands arrive ,  they have already vanished .  the men too encounter the family ,  and they find out more about the slightly dysfunction background .   " the forest "  is a weird and unusual film ,  to say the least .  it's not exactly a masterpiece of plotting ,  but the thoroughly strange atmosphere will certainly appeal to open-minded fans of 80's horror .  the murders are fairly gruesome and will-filmed ,  including a slit throat and a painful saw-massacre ,  and the filming locations are stunningly beautiful .  the more you contemplate about the story and its abrupt twists ,  the less it makes any sense ,  so my advice would just be to enjoy this odd viewing experience for as long as it lasts and not a minute longer .  the acting performances are just above average ,  the music is okay and at least director donald jones  ( also responsible for the 70's exploitation-sickie  " schoolgirls in chains "  )  tried to be a little more creative that the majority of 80's horror films .  too bad it ultimately fails . 
 " you're not going to shoot those little creatures .  in the first place ,  they haven't done you any harm .  in the second place ,  they may be radioactive .  "  ah ,  the joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi yet despite the odd gem like that ,  superman and the mole-men is pretty uninspiring going even with a lean 58-minute running time .  it's beyond cheap  ( the one shot of superman flying is an incredibly inept few frames of animation )  and pretty dull with it ,  though it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute mole-men ,  diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like mr mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters ,  released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious ,  merely misunderstood ,  and george reeves' man of steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by jeff corey from killing them .  an interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day ,  perhaps ,  but with little more than good intentions to recommend it . 
the mood of this movie is pretty good and it captures the feel of the 80's well with some good performances .   however .  .  .  .  .    the script is run of the mill with the exception of a couple of comedic moments and comes off as being weird where i expect it was intended to be edgy .  the characters are totally over dramatized and unbelievable and full of right wing clichés that the script writer probably saw watching a panorama documentary on the national front .  the biggest problem is this movie has no real story .  it ticks all the right  " arty "  boxes but nothing actually happens and at the end you are left wondering what the point was .   very disappointing
i watched this film last night with anticipation ,  but really wasn't very impressed .   with the exception of 'combo' ,  i thought the acting was poor and the narrative was limited .  it came across like a 'made for tv' drama .   i felt that the film was very contrived .  the whole set up of hammering in the context at the start  ( yes ,  we get that this is 80s britain - you can stop now )  was tiresome ,  and gave a very one-sided view of what life was like in 80s britain - poverty ,  war juxtaposed with royalty ,  margaret thatcher ,  yet nothing in between ?  there were actually middle-classes who existed back then - just ordinary working people ,  with a decent wage and a mortgage .  the falklands clips also seemed to be added randomly towards the end ,  for 'dramatic effect' ,  i presume .   the sequence of events felt a tad disjointed ,  as the characters moved one one action to the next without us seeing how their mindset could've changed so quickly .   the relationship between 'shaun' and 'smell' was toe-curling .  i couldn't even look during the snogging scene .  i find it very hard to believe that she would've been attracted to a boy who was not only so much younger ,  but also looked so much younger .  i know there were only four years between them ,  but four years is nothing once you reach your twenties ,  yet it's a huge difference in your teens !  in my experience ,  that kind of teen age difference only occurs when the girl is the younger one ,  since girls mature so much quicker ,  and are more on the wavelength of boys a few years older .  sorry ,  but i didn't buy it - an unnecessary plot point created for shock value .   the ending was somewhat abrupt and ,  again ,  contrived .  if the flag throwing incident was supposed to be iconic ,  then it fell somewhat short in my eyes .   it bugs me that british films only concern themselves with either the upper classes or the poverty-stricken .  don't get me wrong ,  i love trainspotting ,  and four weddings has its charms ,  but can't we brits come up with anything different ?  why are our films always so hung up on the class system ?  i was born in 1973 ,  so wasn't much different in age to 'shaun' would've been in 1983 .  i grew up in a single parent family on a fairly down-trodden council estate in a city in england .  however ,  my childhood experiences were vastly different to those portrayed in the film - i don't even remember racism being an issue  ( although i'm not saying it didn't exist )  .  'this is england' ?  not in my experience .   the bottom line is that i felt this film lacked substance ,  and i was completely bored and unimpressed throughout . 
90 minutes of mindy .  .  . mindy is a tease to boyfriend bill .  .  . mindy prances at the high school dance .  .  . mindy hitchhikes to big sur ,  shoplifts a loaf of  " shepherd's bread ,  "  mindy nearly gets gang-raped .  .  .  ah ,  the pleasures of crown international drive-in features .  you must remember that these films were never designed to be watched start to finish on dvd players .  they were made as 90 minutes of ambiance so the teens of the 70s would have a soundtrack as they got it on in their pintos and citations .  the lack of pacing and structure didn't matter to the original audience -- they probably only tuned in when the t & a on screen matched what they were up to ,  out in the parking lot .  the film is really irritating when watched as a story .  it's a lot more fun to talk about it than watch it .  my favorite inanities :  1 )  bill and his friend accompany the teacher to find mindy .  with no luggage or change of underwear ,  they spend 2 nights sharing a motel room with the teacher ,  just like in real life .  2 ) after being abducted and nearly raped by depraved bikers ,  and after their innocent friend  " pan "  is savagely beaten ,  mindy and her girlfriend find an unattended motorcycle on the road .  mindy immediately brightens up and chirps ,   " i'm going' to big sur !  !  "  but again ,  it's a lot more fun to talk/read about than sit through . 
have you ever sat watching a movie when 20 or 30 minutes have gone by and suddenly you realize that you have actually seen the movie before ?  that happened to me with  " the young graduates "  .  the cover of the video box ,  if you can find the video ,  is extremely deceiving .  i'd swear that the two women on the cover aren't even in the film .   anyway ,  i was either born a decade too late to appreciate the finer points of this film or .  .  . it is simply pointless junk .  i'm heavily leaning toward the latter but i guess some out there have developed a connection to this movie .   hmm .  .  . plot .  a plot .  let's see .  .  . there must be a plot around here somewhere .  nope ,  i can't find it .  it's pretty much about some high school seniors acting dopey and doing drugs and speaking in a language that became outdated decades ago .  one of the female students has a crush on her teacher .  the teacher has a frigid wife  ( whom he indeed refers to as an iceberg )  so he is receptive to the girl's advances .   there's a lot of driving around and inane dialogue and plenty of spastic dancing .  our cat ,  booboo ,  was transfixed by the dancing high school kids .  she watched with amazing intensity as the dancers gyrated and shook out on the dance floor .  it's nice to see that at least one species has found something interesting in this relic .  1/10
 " a trio of treasure hunters is searching the west indies for a hidden fortune .  the lure of gold makes for a rise in tension as the men come closer to the treasure's location .  the deep-sea divers hope to track down the gold ,  but find that greed and hatred leads to murder ,  "  according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis .   " manfish "  is the name of their boat ,  not a monster .  the skeleton who gives muscular captain john bromfield  ( as brannigan )  his half of the treasure map is very good .  old salt victor jory  ( as professor )  provides the other half of the map .  first mate lon chaney jr .   ( as swede )  plays dumb ,  and sexy tessa prendergast  ( as alita )  guards the rum  ( not very well ,  obviously )  .  serious editing and continuity problems mar the picture ,  which otherwise might have amounted to something .   *** manfish  ( 2/56 )  w .  lee wilder ~ john bromfield ,  victor jory ,  lon chaney jr . 
the reason the dvd releases of this film are in black and white is because nobody can get their hands on a color print of this public domain film ,  a modest sea story at best .   distributed for television thru allied artists ,  dvd's  ( or vhs )  on the market at this time for this title are all coming from the same 16mm television print .  films distributed for television prior to 1963 were often distributed in b/w prints ,  because the bulk of viewers did not have color sets anyway .  striking b/w prints for television was also cheaper ,  as it often involved quite a few prints to cover all stations running a film on a syndicated basis . 
i went to see this movie  ( actually i went to see family portraits ,  which contains cutting moments + 2 other short films by douglas buck )  at the mar del plata festival  ( argentina )  .  .  .  i just couldn't watch it !  i had to cover my eyes after the 1st half of cutting moments and take a peek every once in a while .  by the time it was over ,  my stomach was upside down and i felt light headed .  i just had to leave the cinema a few minutes after the 2nd short begun  ( btw ,  of course i was not the only one who left the room )  .  it was waaaay too violent and disgusting for me !  i am impressed by the many brave people who actually loved it .  i just don't get how you can love that kind of movies !  the shocking and bloody and horrible images i saw got really stuck in my head for like two days !  !  i also try to analyze the story  ( my boyfriend did see the whole thing and told me about it )  and i just don't think it makes any sense .  i mean ,  that amount of violence and stuff ,  makes no other sense than to try to shock people .  and that's not a good enough reason ,  i think .  there's absolutely nothing in this movie that i can say  " well ,  at least 'x' thing about it was good "  .  but well ,  i guess i will never understand that kind of films . 
ludicrous violations of the most basic security regs are only the beginning .  it's hard to see how they achieved such abysmal trash on such a low budget .  i turned it off once ,  then got curious to see if it could get any worse .  it did . 
this is a rather tame fluff piece concerning ww ii codes being broken ,  stolen ,  etc .  the acting is about what i expected from this cast of mgm  " b "  actors .   one big caution .  jean rogers ,  who did such a great job playing the very sexy dale arden in the first two flash gordon serials is just awful in this movie .  her character is extremely annoying .  she absolutely never lets-up with her overacting .  we are supposed to believe that during the height of a world war in what would obviously be a top secret code facility ,  she would be allowed to just pop in and out of any office of her choosing although she has no official function .  from that standpoint i'm sorry that i ever watched this film .  it has forever changed my perception of ms .  rogers .  talentwise ,  she is an extreme lightweight .   lee bowman is his usual self ,  meaning that he is merely adequate .   
this is almost like two films--one literate and engaging ,  the other stupid and clichéd .  it's really a shame all the problems weren't worked out with the writing ,  but considering how quickly most b-movies were written and produced ,  this isn't too unusual .  it's a real shame ,  though ,  as this could have been a very good film .   first the good .  the movie is original and involves wwii code-breakers .  this is pretty fascinating and i liked watching the leading man  ( lee bowman )  go through his paces as a master code-breaker .  in fact ,  the first two-thirds of the film was very good .  but now for the bad ,  the film just went on way too long and lost steam at about 50 minutes .  additionally ,  jean rogers' role as the  " kooky girlfriend "  must rank as one of the worst-written and distracting roles in film history !  !  for every smart move made by bowman ,  the idiot rogers then stepped in to screw things up as some sort of misguided  " comedy relief "  .  if her role had been intelligently written ,  the overall film would have improved immensely !  instead ,  watching her ,  it's hard to understand how we actually won wwii !  ! 
this film is notable for three reasons .   first ,  apparently capitalizing on the success of the two 'superman' serials ,  this low budget feature was made and released to theaters ,  marking george reeves' and phyllis coates' initial appearances as clark kent / superman and lois lane .  part of the opening is re-used in the series .  outside the town of silby ,  a six-mile deep oil well penetrates the 'hollow earth' allowing the 'mole-men' to come to the surface .  forget about the other holes  ( those in the plot )  .   second ,  unlike most sf invasion films of the fifties ,  the hero plays a dominant  ( and controlling )  force in preaching and enforcing tolerance and acceptance of difference against a raging mob of segregationist vigilantes .  no 'mild mannered reporter' here !  clark kent ,  knowledgeable and self-assertive ,  grabs control of the situation throughout  (  " i'll handle this !  "  )  ,  even assisting in a hospital gown in the removal of a bullet from a mole-man !  as superman ,  he is gentler than clark towards the feisty lois ,  but is also the voice of reason and tolerance as he rails against the vigilantes as  " nazi storm troopers .  "    third ,  you will notice that the transition from the fleisher-like cartoon animated flying of superman in the two serials to the 'live action' flying in the 'adventures of superman' had not yet been made . 
oh my .  i decided to go out to the cinemas with some friends ,  wanting to watch one of those mild ,  feel-good christmas movies ,  and i walk out disgusted .  the movie failed .  full-stop .  paul giamatti who i consider as a good actor played his character and roll just horribly ,  along with vince vaughn who has always been a personal favourite of mine .  they try and turn a christmas movie ,  into some new-style .  sort of bad ,  mixed with good ,  but it all turned out very wrong .  the first ten or so minutes weren't too bad ,  but once we saw santa ,  it was over .  it didn't get any better ,  the rate stayed the same ,  there was no character development ,  and certainly is one of the worst christmas movies ever invented .  don't watch it ,  whatever you do . 
did anyone read the script .  this has to be some of the worst writing and directing of the entire year .  three great actors ,  paul giamatti ,  rachel weisz and miranda richardson couldn't pull this one out .  about two-thirds it looked like giamatti eyes were saying ,  i can't believe i signed the contract .  it's not the worst movie i ever saw ,  but it's on the really really bad christmas movie list .  not enough lines ,  but what else can be said ?  okay ,  the movie just doesn't move with vaughn's con-man dialogue ,  his character is just a creepy guy that you just can't get past .  it was just a lackluster walk through ,  that no one seemed to be able to get into . 
i went into this movie expecting it to be really god-awful .  and it was .  i really felt sorry for the star-studded cast- kathy bates was a wonderful actress .  .  .  before she made this movie- vince vaughn and paul giamatti were disappointing as usual but miranda richardson couldn't put in one of the fabulous performances i know and love her for .  fred's dad ,  played by trevor peacock  ( of vicar of dibley fame ,  amongst others )  ,  had about one line .   the plot was predictable and all over the place ,  and the humour was .  .  .  lacking .   ( however ,  there was one part of the movie where santa enters the house of a jewish family .  .  .  that made me laugh just because their expressions were classic )  don't see this movie unless your only other alternative is having a head-on collision with a train  ( actually- maybe the train would be better .  .  .  ) 
the most ridiculous thing about this ridiculous movie is its conceit that if one becomes a saint ,  he or she and his or her family and his or her significant other live forever .  let's forget that in order to become a saint ,  the saint must be dead ,  and saints don't have significant others .  that ,  for a millennium ,  nick has been the jolly elf to fred's scrooge is never even hinted at !  open on nick learning how to make toys ,  then on fred learning how to run numbers ;  nick giving a sick child a dolly ,  fred repossessing the dolly ,  along with the family farm !  after a few more such episodes ,  morph to present-day fred venting his spleen at siblings anonymous as his fellow losers nod in empathy .  there ,  i just wrote a more cohesive storyline than this idiocy !   this santa ,  who is one  " ho ,  ho ,  ho ,  ho ,  ho "  away from a massive coronary ,  is a neurotic wuss saddled with the queen of the harpies ,  an operation straight out of mega-mall hell ,  and answers to a board  ( huh ?  )  which just gave the easter bunny his pink egg .  oh ,  and his right-hand man is a ditzy blonde in a skin-tight mini-dress and go-go boots .  ho .  .  .  ho .  .  .  ho .  .  .  ho .  .  .  ho !   but what really sent me over the edge was slam being named #1 on the naughty list .  shouldn't a naughty list be reserved for the future hitlers and stalins ?  children who are the true embodiments of evil ?  nope ,  to old sausage-fingers ,  a good boy who lashes out because he is unwanted and unloved is the demon seed !   the nimrods behind fred claus should be boiled in their own pudding !  bah ! 
it's always tough having a sibling doing better in their life than you ,  always a struggle to get out from under that shadow and not let bitterness keep you away from your family .  so ,  imagine that your older brother is santa and then imagine how tough that must be .  that's the premise here .   vince vaughn plays the titular fred ,  an embittered loser who spends a lot of his energy making sure that people don't go around expecting good things to happen to them or giving his brother ,  santa  ( played by paul giamatti )  ,  too much praise for simply being the limelight-hogging ,  fame-hungry ,  slightly creepy guy that fred would want to portray him as .  then ,  wouldn't you know it ,  fred needs a financial favour and so has to make up for it by helping his brother on the run up to christmas .  and hilarity and life lessons ensue .   well ,  that's what should happen .  the reality is that we get a christmas movie featuring a few good moments of vaughn's patented fast-talking ,  a ridiculously out-of-nowhere music video moment ,  kevin spacey playing an auditor out to close down santa's operation  ( and he's one of the weakest baddies i have seen in some time )  ,  not enough of the gorgeous elizabeth banks in a lush christmas outfit ,  too much of john michael higgins in his elf outfit  ( to be fair ,  he's a highlight though )  and a movie that's too swimming in bitterness to feel like good seasonal fare yet too schmaltzy in it's latter half to feel like a fun poke at all the bad things about the commercialism of the time .   rachel weisz is along for the ride too ,  as is kathy bates ,  but it's really nothing more than a movie for vaughn and if you like his style you will find something to enjoy here .  unfortunately ,  there's very little else to recommend this seasonal stinker .  outside of vaughn's rantings the script barely throws up anything decent with the exception of one particularly good scene involving a hilarious support group dealing with a very specific problem .   david dobkin's direction is as mediocre and staid as the 20p christmas card that you send the auntie you haven't seen in 10 years and he seems to think that simply putting the ingredients together without a good mix or decent care taken will guarantee a delicious christmas pudding .  nope ,  we get a burnt ,  bland lump with too much sugar on top .  forget this and stick the hilarious elf on again if you want a great ,  modern christmas comedy .   see this if you like :  the santa clause 2 ,  santa baby ,  the santa clause 3 :  the escape clause . 
my take :  a tired formula christmas comedy .  the laughs are tired and the talents behind it seem to be too .   i love the holidays as much as the next guy  ( even if i often have a bad case of the holiday blues )  ,  but it seems it's just being a dumping ground for a bunch of holiday comedies that would be bad movies on any day of the year ,  but that doesn't make them any less painful during the season .  as if we already had enough santa clause movies  ( three and *gulp* still counting )  ,  who wants to see a movie about his brother ?  in a plot that would be at home with disney's santa clause franchise  ( save the occasionally crude humor and santa's  " little "  helper wearing a short skirt )  ,  fred claus is a one-joke premise that goes on for 116 minutes .  sure ,  jolly ol' saint nick has a brother ,  but where does it go from there ?    it's a shame really .  fred claus is blessed with a cast that could have made it an enjoyable christmastime comedy that will probably melt away along with the snow ,  but it would have been so much better than this .  vince vaughn is your typical snob ,  but we are led to believe he's really the long lost brother of the never-aging santa  ( paul giamatti )  ,  who invites his good ol' brother to visit .  mrs .  claus  ( miranda richardson )  is reluctant ,  and worse ,  an efficiency expert  ( kevin spacey )  has come to keep a watchful eye on father christmas ,  and his this close to being shut down .  hah !  and guess who plays santa's mother !  kathy bates of course .  elizabeth banks is santa's helper charlene ,  john michael higgins is one of the elves ,  and rachel wiesz plays fred's girlfriend !  si don't know if i'd praise the casting or to bash it .  here we have some familiar faces to add a touch of quality ,  but they're given way too little to work with .   as for humor ,  the best that fred claus could possibly come up with is santa's brother being his exact opposite and some joke about a dj elf .  i have to admit i had a few giggles involving fred attending a group counseling for celebrity brothers  ( where he is joined by stephen baldwin ,  roger clinton and frank stallone )  ,  but the giggles begin and end there .  worse still ,  the movie even succumbs into sentimentality that's supposed to make us  " feel good "  and teach us a lesson about  " what christmas really means "  .  apparently ,  what christmas means to hollywood is getting as much of our leftover christmas shopping money as they can .   rating :  ** out of 5 . 
 " fred claus "  somehow avoids becoming this year's  " the santa clause "  by at least having a bit more amusing moments than that tim allen starrer ,  but it doesn't mean that it's got enough going for it that's worth a trip to the theater .   as holiday movies go ,  it's contrived and sentimental .  but actually ,  that could be the least of one's concern as  " fred claus ,  "  boasting of having david dobkin  (  " shanghai knights ,  "   " the wedding crashers "  )  at the helm ,  contains virtually nary a genuinely funny moment as it clumsily treads the line between a boorish vince vaughn vehicle and a fuzzy christmas film .  in the end ,  it amounts to not much of both .  and with a cast that comprises of paul giamatti ,  kevin spacey ,  rachel weisz ,  and kathy bates ,  all the more it leaves one disappointed .   vaughn plays fred ,  nick's  ( giamatti )  older and estranged brother ,  who once upon a time ,  left him and their parents  ( bates and trevor peacock )  after having had enough of enduring his parents' favoritism of his younger sibling .  nick grows up to be santa claus  ( and as the voice-over tells us ,  time freezes on you and your family when you become a saint )  ,  while fred becomes a yuletide-jaded repo man in chicago who's having a hard time remembering his girlfriend wanda's  ( weisz )  birthday .   he runs in trouble with the law and had to call his younger brother  ( who eerily looks at least a decade older than him )  to bail him out of jail .  nick agrees but only if fred agrees to help out on the toy-wrapping business up in the north pole .  fred reluctantly agrees but his cynicism clashes with santa and the elves' perpetually cheery nature ,  even as an efficiency expert  ( spacey )  is checking on the toy factory operations ,  only too happy to have the whole arctic operations shut down if things fail .   the film ,  as said ,  does have its moments ,  but the padded running length stretches them thin across its duration .  in between are piles of christmas film clichés that were handled better in ,  say ,   " elf "  and the attempts at sentimentality are as endearing as last year's fruitcake .   vaugn ,  as usual ,  brings on his coarse charm to the table ,  but the neutered script of dan fogelman keeps him from really doing his thing .  giamatti ,  underneath the bad fat suit ,  brings a jolly old charm to his iconic character ,  but unfortunately ,  has to play second fiddle to fred .  spacey brings his game face ,  but his turns usually end as unfunnily vapid .   ultimately ,   " fred claus "  becomes a forgettable film that falls below what those involved in it deserve .  sure ,  there are worse ways to start the season at the cinema ,  but there are certainly far better ways . 
 " the domino principle "  is ,  without question ,  one of the worst thrillers ever made .  hardly any sense can be made of the convoluted plot and by the halfway point you'll want to throw your arms up in frustration and scream  " i give up !  !  !  "   how gene hackman and director stanley kramer ever got involved in this mess must only be summed up by their paychecks .   i hope they spent their money well . 
well ,  i have to say ,  this movie was so bad that i would have walked out if i didn't have to review it for work .  and the worst part is ,  i wanted to see it so badly that i drove all over the city ,  paid $10 parking two times because the newspaper listings were wrong .  vince vaughn plays the guy he always does -- the only time i've seen him play someone else was in that movie with john travolta .  anyways ,  the plot has potential -- it sounded great in the preview ,  but it is filled with totally ridiculous ,  predictable ,  weak plot turn points .  and i was hoping that this would be one christmas movie where christmas didn " t have to be saved ,  and that santa didn't need a replacdmetn ,  but nope .  the only cool part was the sleigh rides ,  and the little bladck kid was the best character .  i'm sure this movie would be great for young kids ,  but for adults it's so lame that it's chore to sit through . 
okay ,  during this past thanksgiving break ,  whilst having the whole family together everybody decided to go see a movie ,  and since fred clause was voted majority ,  thats what we went and say .    to start off the movie had so many plot holes it was pathetic .  simple explanations of why a certain event was happening was void .  example ;  who the heck is trying to 'shut down' santa clause ?  is it some sort of corporation ?  a little explanation would of been lovely .    second :  the movie tossed you flimsy characters that evoked no sympathy from you about their feelings or actions .  example :  the little elf named willie and the only tall girl in the elf village .  they see each other twice and then they are a couple and i could of cared less because this movie didn't make me care .    third :  i suppose this was suppose to be a family film ?  its rating was low at just pg .  for a family film there were several articles of suggestive conversation .  it didn't bother me ,  but if i were a parent i could see a problem .    through the whole movie paul giamatti looked extremely bored with his role ,  but honestly he was the only one worth watching in the movie .  vaughn had a few funny moments but played the same character he has for the last two movies .  mouthy frat boy .   ( nothing against vaughn ,  he's been good in other movies )   so this movie gets a 3 out of 10 stars from me ,  just because somebody had to put in the effort to produce ,  film and release this flick .    in my opinion i would definitely pass on this flick ,  or if you have to see it save it for a rainy day rental . 
how hard is it to write a watchable film with vince vaughn ,  paul giamatti and kevin spacey ?  apparently very difficult for the writers here .   i still have no idea how santa is younger and looks 20 years older than vince  ( who plays the big brother )  .  i must have missed that part of the story but in reality ,  it really didn't matter .  many scenes seemed out of place and contrived ;  the kind of  " funny notion "  scenes that are drug out way too far to where any sense of comedy is lost .   the director/producer tried to go  " tear jerker "  at the end ,  which would have been suitable if anything leading up that point had been worth following .   ugh ,  major disappointment .  i can see how some people might enjoy this ok ,  since many people will take any garbage they're fed ,  but i would strongly encourage waiting for dvd on this one .  not worth the $23 , 978 it takes to get your family to the movies these days . 
every christmas eve i make my kids endure yet another showing of it's a wonderful life .  i also thoroughly enjoyed bad santa .  so sue me .  i admit it .  i like cheesy ,  schmaltzy movies .  i like excellent ,  intelligent ones too ,  but as with so many things ,  variety is a good thing .  what would the christmas season be without the annual cinematic ka-ching ka-ching of santa in all his guises ,  from edmund gwenn to billy bob thornton ?  fred claus will make no one forget bedford falls ,  but i do not believe a christmas film should have to reach iconic stature to succeed .   " fred "  is a perfectly ok holiday movie ,  with enough humor for the adults and sufficient charm for the kids .  my wife and i laughed a lot ,  even if most of the humor was obvious and vince was just being vince .  paul giamatti was a top-notch santa ,  which helped a lot .  not a great flick ,  and unlikely to become must-viewing for anyone's annual christmas traditions .  but my wife and daughter and i enjoyed it for what it was ,  holiday schmaltz with a small dash of spice .  there's nothing wrong with that . 
painfully bad christmas film that has an equally painfully bad performance by vince vaughn ,  who is paying his usual frat boy self but this time for a children's movie but with out the wit or charm that is in his r rated films .  vaughn seems like he's on autopilot though most of the film and he keeps running into walls with his lackluster performance .  after 30 minutes into the film ,  you would be in touch your inner scourge and say  " bahumbag "  at how unfunny this film is and after another 30 minutes ,  you will want to walk out over how unbearable the film has gotten during that point .  out of all the actors involved in this mess ,  only paul giamatti and rachel weisz brings some life to there perspective paper thin roles and that's manly because they are both way too good of actors to be in this film .  paul giamatti brings some depth and warmth to the character of saint nick himself but he's forced to vaughn's level of juvenile behavior when they are doing their sad sibling infighting .  you can see in giamatti face that he's not having fun with his role and it painfully shows in certain parts of the film .  rachel weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role but she really does not have much of a character to work with and you can see in her face that she's well aware of that ,  so much so that she seems irritated in certain parts of the film .  fortunately for her ,  she's not in the film much at all and is able to save some face ,  unlike giamatti ,  who looks like he's about to fire his agent by the end of the movie .  the direction also feels uninspiring ,  like there is no feeling or flow to be had and this is a supposed to be a holiday movie but it ends up feeling like you are just staring at a fancy widow display that is being torn down .   i don't know what went wrong here but with only two actors involved  ( giamatti and weisz )  trying their best to at least bring something to the table with a unfunny script they had to work with ,  spotty direction with no feeling for the subject at hand  (  and this is a christmas movie of all things )  and a actor who just does not care about his performance  ( vaughn )  ,  you have a very unevenly bad film that is very painful to watch . 
i just saw this film tonight and i have to say that it's a mess .  i love vince vaughn but he ends up more annoying that funny here and the film is more than less a remake of the crappy 80's classic  "  santa claus the movie "  but with out the camp or the bad sheena easton song at the end .   . the story is your run of the mill black sheep in the family who comes back to face his family for the holidays kind of thing but with north pole as its setting .  of course fred  ( vince vaughn )  is the family screw up who comes home after a series of set backs that include his girlfriend  ( rachel weisz in a cameo role )  dumping him ,  so he comes home to face his parents and his more successful brother santa claus  ( paul giamatti )  and wacky high jinks follow with a bit of sibling rivalry and a bit of anarky as well that threatens all of christmas .  now if you think you know the ending of this film ,  i think you would be right because it's predicable to the hill .  as for the acting ,  vince vaughn plays the same lovable loser he always plays but this time he ends up more annoying than likable ,  miranda richardson plays mrs .  claus but the role is more than less one note ,  elizabeth banks plays santa's assistant but she's not much of a character at all other than a neurotic joke and poor kevin spacey ends up basically playing the same person he plays in the film  " glengarry glen ross "  but a little more anal .  the only two actors who come out of this film with their dignity intact is paul giamatti ,  who brings a real sincerity and warmed to his role as santa claus but he looks somewhat embarrass to be in the movie and you can't blame him and rachel weisz ,  who manages to do a lot more with a very small role than most of the main actors do with theirs ,  which is a shame because both rachel weisz and paul giamatti deserved a lot better than what this script gave them .   to put it in a nutshell ,  a major disappointment . 
alien hunter :  5 out of 10 :  is it me or does every movie that starts in roswell ,  new mexico suck .  take alien mixed with the thing ,  mixed with contact ,  mixed with of all things on the beach ,  the andromeda strain ,  the classroom scene from raiders of the lost ark and a throw in a little stargate to boot .    derivative doesn't even begin to describe this movie .  of course with nothing original plot wise they amp up the gore and sex right ?  nope gore is a blink and you miss it affair and sex is all tease .   ( james spader causally mentions he needs a shower and the delectable leslie stefanson asks to join him .  he turns her down .  aggh !  )    in fact if a movie ever needed a shower scene to liven things up this is it .  i mean if your going to have impossibly good-looking women in white bathing suits wandering around an antarctica research base why not go for broke .   with about 30 seconds of actual thrill in the entire movie alien hunter is remarkable serious and slow going for a sci-fi adventure .  needed a much better plot twist to liven it up and by the way the alien itself is a horribly clichéd artifice and has virtually no screen time for someone who shares half the title .    i also inquired during viewing what is with the children of the corn in space motif .   ( note that since jason of friday the 13th fame ,  pinhead from hellraiser and that leprechaun have all traveled to space to slay nubile teenagers why not the cornfield ?  )  the characters in the cornfield dress like logan's run extras and i was just waiting for the stalks to come alive and attack them .   that however would have been exciting and apparently against this movies covenant .  the acting is mostly fine as spader reprises his stargate role while stefanson and janine eser model the latest in antarctic beachwear .  john lynch however read the whole script and acts the like the insane bad guy well before the story would indicate it .   alien hunter is a disappointing derivative slog that makes me pine for a proper children of the corn in space movie . 
i am oh soooo glad i have not spent money to go to the cinema on it  : - )  .  it is nothing more than compilation of elements of few other classic titles like the thing ,  final fantasy ,  the abyss etc .  framed in rather dull and meaningless scenario .  i really can not figure out what was the purpose of creating this movie - it has absolutely nothing new to offer in its storyline which additionally is also senseless .  moreover there is nothing to watch - the fx'es look like there were taken from a second hand store ,  you generally saw all of them in other movies .  but it is definitely a good lullaby . 
this movie couldn't decide what it wanted to be .  there were a couple of sub-plots that for awhile made you think these items would all come together in the end .  .  .  but they didn't .  if you want a  " alien in the frozen waste "  story ,  stick with the 1950's version of the thing  ( not the abomination that was remade in gore-o-vision 20+ years later )  .   i couldn't get over the fact that the  " alien "  looked pretty much recycled from independence day .    the  " bare minimum "  sets would have been more effective if they had hired actors who could actually act and carry off the intended mood .   lots of scenery chewing with little payoff . 
snuggle down in your favourite chair and switch on the play-station ,  as you toss this into the waste disposal unit .  spend a useful 90 min .  living your favourite game .  disjointed - poorly filmed - non directed junk .  it takes a bits from several other  " science fiction "  movies and badly attempts to join the parts into a pathetically weak story .  there's nothing new here ,  the filmmakers do not seem to realise that providing simple entertainment would achieve a monetary game ,  but a touch of skill ingenuity and flair is required to turn it into a good film .  any money spent watching this is a waste ,  and personally i would like my 90 min of life back . 
what did producer/director stanley kramer see in adam kennedy's novel and kennedy's very puzzling screenplay ?  were there a few pieces left out on purpose ?  and what about gene hackman ,  richard widmark ,  edward albert ,  eli wallach and mickey rooney ?  what did they see in this very muddled story ?   and why did candice bergen ,  who gave a horrible performance ,  accept such a thankless role ?   the domino principle wants to be on the same footing as the parallax view or the manchurian candidate and misses the mark by a very wide margin .  a major misfire by stanley kramer . 
is it a remake og the thing  ( 1982/1951 )  ,  i think it is ,  there are so many factors from det previous movies do deny it .   so the acting is bad ,  james spader does a superlow stargate re-enactment of himself ,  with his coffy mug and his somwhat strange thinking/movements but that's about it ,  the other actors i did't even notise .  you don't get the feeling of getting to know anyone of the main characters .  and the plot evolvement is slow ,  boring and ,  yah i know what is about to happend in 30mins .  score/music is ultraboring ,  imean there are alot of ubertallented people out there that would make scores for a coke and a credit ,  but this is major crap .  some of the special effects are nice ,  if it was made in early 90's .  if you like slimy aliens ,  chills and thrills ,  don't whatch this movie .  its a dull combination of the thing ,  alien 3 ,  outbreak and some jerry bruckheimer/michael bay production gone really really bad .  now this combination would be cool if somone knew what they where doing ,  and the only ones on this production that knew that was ,  no one .   though i have seen far worse ,  i would not recomend this movie to anyone ,  but if you are up one cold night ,  and just wanna glanse at something ,  it will pass the time ,  slowly . 
begins better than it ends .  funny that the russian submarine crew outperforms all other actors .  it's like those scenes where documentary shots .  .  .   --- spoiler part ---- the message dechifered was contrary to the whole story .  it just does not mesh .   
an unoriginal ,  overly predictable and only mildly entertaining low budget rehash of a sci-fi formula that we've all seen a hundred times before - a group of scientists in isolation confronting some unknown alien something ,  and in of all places  ( surprise ,  surprise )  antarctica !   the film features james spader and an almost nameless supporting cast  ( with the exception of carl lewis ,  who's actually not that bad for a non-actor )  - who deliver ho-hum performances that do little to invigorate the script's unimaginative dialogue .  to make things worse the film's pace is slow ,  there's almost no subplot ,  and the few action sequences are stereotypical and not that exciting .  its little wonder that this thing went straight to dvd .  what is a wonder is why spader - an excellent actor at times ,  who won the cannes best actor award for `sex ,  lies and videotape' ,  and did a splendid job in the innovative sci-fi flick `stargate' - chose to sign onto this lackluster project .  or maybe not ,  if you look at his career ,  for it seems he has invested his talents in more misses than hits .   the most remarkable thing about `alien hunter' is how they managed to cram in so many elements from so many great sci-fi films ,  and still have the thing turn out so listless and contrived .  there are huge borrowed bits from `the thing'  ( both howard hawks' original and john carpenter's excellent 1982 remake )  ,  `contact' and `outbreak' ;  a few hints of `alien' ,  ce3k' ,  `the andromeda strain' ,  `kubrick's `2001'  ( i . e .  the `alien black box' )  and `mission to mars'  ( i . e .  the mystery message )  ;  and even a little dash of `sneakers' and `a remarkable mind'  ( although not sci-fi films ,  they share a `cryptology' connection )  .  hell ,  there's even cornfields and antarctica ,  just like the recent `x files movie' .  and the luminous translucent spaceship at the end looks exactly like something that was plucked from an outtake from `the abyss' .   its all been done before and done a whole lot better ,  although i will admit there were a few mild surprises towards the end .  i could say a little bit more about the plot ,  but there's absolutely no need .  you already know over half this movie without ever seeing it .   ( 5 out of 10 ) 
very bad acting ,  and a very shallow story .  not even a decent b-movie  events that were suposed to be shocking like humans geting on board an alien ship were boring and very lame .   this is one of the worst sci-fi i've ever seen .  i saw the 5 . 0 stars and decided to watch it since i like the genre ,  but it sucked so bad .   now there's really very few good movies on alien subject ,  i think because most of them are low budget  i give it 3/10
with one of my very favorite actors ,  james spader ,  i expected this film to be at least tolerable .  it wasn't .  after the first half hour i watched the rest of it with the remote control in my hand so the fast forward was at the ready .  so trite ,  so standard ,  one knows what's going to happen in each scene .  one can even predict the dialogue word for word .  this is one of those movies that makes one scratch ones head and say ,   " how did this movie ever get made ?  "  in an effort to say something positive ,  i'll add that there are some mildly entertaining special effects .  but ,  on the whole ,  if you've seen 5 sci/fi movies ,  or you are over 9 years old ,  do yourself a favor and skip this one . 
recap :  something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals is discovered in the ice of antarctica .  the mysterious block is dug out and brought to a research station on antarctica .  julian rome ,  a former seti-worker ,  is brought in to decipher the message .  problem is that one of the researchers is a old girlfriend of his ,  and the situation quickly turns awkward ,  especially since the other female researchers practically throw themselves at him .  and the block of ice with the thing inside is melting unnaturally quickly .  soon the object is in the open .  the mystery continues though as the object generates a huge amount of electricity .  it is decided to open the object ,  but just before that is done ,  julian decodes the signal .   " do not open "  .  but too late ,  and the object explodes as it is finally breached ,  and two things unleashed on earth .  the first is an alien ,  that had been dormant in the object ,  and the other is a virus that instantly kills the research staff .  and washington ,  that is suspiciously updated on this historic event ,  decides that those things can not be unleashed upon the earth .  so a russian nuclear submarine ,  carrying nuclear weapons is sent to antarctica .   comments :  the movie holds a few surprises .  one is carl lewis who surprisingly puts in a good acting performance ,  and the other is that the special effects that are beautiful ,  well worked through and a lot better than expected .  unfortunately the story holds a lot of surprises of its own ,  and this time not in a good way .  actually it is so full of plot holes that sometimes the movies seem to consist of almost randomly connected scenes .  it is never really explained why washington know so much ,  why washington is able to command russian submarines ,  why the object is in the antarctic and has woken up now .  it is really puzzling that the alien pod is transmitting in understandable english .  some might want to explain this with that the alien had been to earth before and knew the language  ( and obviously chose english ,  why ?  )  .  but then it is very confusing why the nice aliens that apparently want to save the earth from the virus ,  send their  " do not open "  message encoded !  and finally the end is as open as an end can be .   the movie is a little entertaining but too much energy  ( from me )  must be diverted to fill in the voids in the plot .  therefore the total impression of the movie is not too good .   3/10
 " hey everybody !  i've got an idea ,  we found this egg-shaped thingie from outer space so why don't we thaw it out and open it up ?  "   " yes ,  i know that would be the dumbest thing a scientist could do ,  and it could be filled with contaminating bacteria or viruses unknown to earth and could potentially wipe out the human race ,  but hey ,  i want to know what's in it "  .   " and nobody tell nasa ,  they might take it away from us "  .   " wow this thingie gives off vibes !  "   " yes , really strong ones on contact so don't touch it but it's okay to cut it open "  .   " hi there handsome ,  check out my nips "  .   ( later that day )  ;   " do not open "  !  !  !  !  !  uh oh ,  we have to run all the way to the lab and tell them not to open it because we don't have phones or radios or intercoms even though we have a gazillion dollars worth of other equipment here .   " i've never seen such organic technology !  "   " yeah ,  lemme take this stick and stab it .  "  .   " i'm getting out of here ,  i don't care if i do kill the other 6 billion people on earth ,  nobody's nukkin' me !  "   " look !  it's the friendly aliens from  " the abyss "  !  they want us to come with them "  .  the end
the acting ,  other reviews notwithstanding ,  was remarkably well-done .  brad pitt handles the role of an annoying ,  obnoxious austrian climber quite well .  other acting is fine .  the story could have been riveting ,  but somehow ,  it misses - one never really understands or cares for the characters shown ,  and so the story ,  which could have been quite dramatic ,  fails to draw in this audience .   beautiful scenery and cinematography ,  a remarkably dramatic true story ,  important events that shaped the world that we live in - but i could not ,  try as i might ,  involve myself in this story .  as an unabashed brad pitt fan  ( i consider him one of the top 5 actors of his generation )  ,  i expected to *love* this flick - and yet ,  it left me cold .   it could be a failing within myself ,  but i tend to point toward the creative end of this movie - direction ,  scriptwriting ,  production ,  editing - somehow ,  they lost me .  it's a shame ,  because it could have been wonderful .   good acting ,  dramatic story ,  beautifully shot - it should have been magnificent .  it wasn't .  probably worth watching ,  just to make your own mind up on it - but don't expect too much ,  and perhaps you won't be as disappointed as i was .  mostly ,  it bored me . 
ok ,  here it is :   " nazi mountaineer befriends the dalai lama .  "  what we do is ,  first we get a major star with no idea whatsoever how to do a germanic accent ,  and we let him flounder around between french ,  german ,  american ,  and british for over 2 hours .  then we concoct a series of wildly improbable events and space them apart very widely ,  so that the plot inches along almost imperceptibly .  but just to make sure the viewer doesn´t fall asleep ,  we throw in details which are shockingly absurd ,  such as our hero smoking a cigarette at an altitude of 22 , 000 feet .  naturally ,  we must also remember that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitles ,  so we have every character ,  even the lowliest peasant in the forbidden closed-off city of lhasa in 1943 ,  speak perfect english ,  also with dubious accents .  of course ,  the trickiest part is how to handle the spiritual and political aspects of the story ,  so what we do is this :  we have the dalai lama befriend the now-reformed nazi because the latter is so good at fiddling with film projectors ,  radios ,  antique cars ,  and any other devices with represent the freedom of the capitalist west .  in return ,  our hero learns from his young protegé a kind of vague ,  undefined buddhism which is never really brought out or treated in a serious fashion .  we also have lots of scenes with the hero flaunting all the marks of respects and protocol which the rest of the tibetan society accords the dalai lama ,  even as we pretend that the hero has deep and profound reverence for these people and their spiritual leader .  in other words ,  we just expect the audience to believe that this guy is now a buddhist ,  sort of ,  in his own way ,  even though we ourselves don´t seem to know what his transformation entails or how far we want it to go .  and last but not least ,  we hang a statistic onto the end of the film about how appallingly the chinese have treated the tibetans  ( which is certainly true )  ,  thus opening ourselves up to charges that we have made a  " political "  movie ,  even though it is nothing of the sort .  so ,  zat ist my idea .  vat do you zink ?  can ve make zis movie ? 
i read the book  " 7 years in tibet "  from heinrich harrer and was fascinated of it .  then i immediately grabbed the dvd and started to watch the movie .  i remember the first time i saw it back in 98 ,  i kinda liked it .  well ,  now i watched it again in full knowledge of the book it is based on .  and soon i realized how wrong it all was told :   when they enter lhasa the people start to stick their tongues out of their mouths and thewlis and pitt have the impression that its the way to say hello in tibet ,  so they greet back .  .  .  in the book harrer explains ,  that sticking the tongue out is a sign of absolute humbleness and loyalty in tibet and they may do it in front of the dalai lama but certainly not for these two europeans !  not only the mother but even the dalai lama himself was wearing glasses in the public .  in the book harrer mentions ,  that no one in tibet wore glasses to that time ( sorry forgot the reason ,  but its explained in the book too )  . the young dalai lama did ,  but only when he was alone and nobody could see him !  and what about that mao tse tung lookalike ,  destroying the mandala in front of the young  " living buddha "  ?  ?  childish .  .  .  and the tailor made harrer and aufschnaiter tibetan clothes not european designer suits !  why are so many events that really happened eliminated from the story ,  just to fill the time with a fictional love interest  ( the female tailor .  .  .  ) that is completely unimportant ?  just like the whole story about harrers son ,  rolf .  not one word is mentioned about him or even any family member of harrer in the book .  but that was ok for me because  " 7 years in tibet "  is not a book about harrers person .  its about tibet .  i'm very disappointed by this  " adaption "  of the famous book .  and i bet heinrich harrer was ,  too .  .  .  3 stars ,  just for the cinematography . 
i've read all the comments on this film .  i am a great admirer  of the dalai lama .  as such ,  i read the book upon which this  film was based .  the movie is an ugly and demeaning fictionalization of the truth .  i do not criticize it for  altering small details or events for dramatic purposes ;  it is  not a documentary .  but the script changes the impact ,  reaction ,   realities ,  and changes in every main character .  it vastly alters  the real relationship between harrar and the young dalai lama .    from the ridiculous rivalry for a tibetan woman  ( which demeans  the culture of tibet )  to harra's music box gift ,  to harrar's  change of heart ,  everything about this movie is false - except  for the amazing photography .  i understand that the shots of the  potala  ( the palace )  were smuggled out of tibet .  however ,   changing a real story about the relationship between two people ,   one of them very important to this world ,  in order to build up a  movie star is sad
i can't believe it ,  imdb really does have every tv show known to man !  i have not seen this show in over 20 years .  i only remember two episodes ,  and i barely remember those .  i remember that tony may not been on from the start ,  because one of the episodes i remember is the one in which everybody trying to get tony to join ,  but he rejects them ,  but typically at the end of the show he becomes a member of power house ,  with everybody cheering .   the other one i remember is the one where lolo for some reason pretends to be dead ,  ( complete with funeral and mourners )  .  i don't remember why he plays dead ,  or how the show ends .   this is one of those shows that i convinced myself that i must have dreamed up since no one else had ever heard of it . 
stanley kramer directs an action thriller and leaves out two key things :  action and thrills .  the domino principle features gene hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task .  richard widmark ,  edward albert ,  and eli wallach are his operatives --- they presumably work for the government ,  but that ,  like most of the movie's plot line ,  is never made clear .  hackman asks a lot of questions that never get answered so the film goes absolutely nowhere .  while it strives to be like night moves and the parallax view ,  the domino principle mixes up ambiguity and mystery with confusion and boredom .  the film is extremely well photographed but even that works against it .  kramer's direction is devoid of any style .  it's a very sunny movie !   the acting is fine with hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad .  widmark and wallach are suitably nasty and albert is well cast as widmark's cruel lackey .  even the usually obnoxious mickey rooney is pretty good as hackman's sidekick .  one oddity however is the casting of candice bergen as hackman's wife .  we're told she's done time in prison and she seems to be trying to put on some sort of southern twang .  kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear an ugly brown wig .  it's a role better suited for the likes of valerie perrine or susan tyrell . 
this doesn't quite plumb the depths of creepshow 3 ,  but it comes close .  it also uses the same technique of using some of the same actors in multiple roles throughout the anthology ,  which is distracting to say the least .   it also rather irritating rips off the twilight zone  ( with the bookshop being comparable to serling's later night gallery )  .  unfortunately ,  the producers & writers forgot that serling would build up sympathy for his characters before messing them over .  none of the characters are particularly sympathetic or interesting until the last segment .   framing story :  adam west is .  .  .  well ,  himself .  he doesn't go the bruce wayne/batman campy 60s route ,  but he rarely does .  he simply plays the not-particularly-enigmatic  " jay "   ( there's an ominous spine-chilling name to compare to the likes of dr .  terror ,  eramus ,  and the cryptkeeper )  ,  and makes some mildly awkward/creepy statements .   abernathy :  seen rod serling's  " a stop in willoughby "  ?  then you've seen this .  the red herring of the nutso wife is introduced to no purpose ,  but even the main character's friend identifies him as a wimp .  as well directed as can be expected ,  but basically incoherent .   nex's diner :  reminiscent of various serling time travel stories ,  mixed with steve allen's  " a meeting of minds .  "  most of the actors aren't too bad  ( except for josh astin as cassius ,  who manages to walk ,  talk and even breathe awkwardly )  ,  and the idea is mildly interesting .  but like abernathy ,  it doesn't go anywhere .  the main character raises some relatively reasonable questions ,  bugs out a bit  ( who wouldn't ?  )  ,  and for some reason he ends up banished to a nuclear wasteland .   life replay :  not a bad little piece ,  and manages to predate both click and creepshow 3 .  i suppose it says something that people are fascinated by the magical properties of remote controls .  the main character is mildly sympathetic .  nothing substantially innovative here ,  but it's okay .   fighting spirit :  you see the twist coming a mile away but like the main character ,  it has some heart and it's a decent story of defeat and redemption .   finale :  so .  .  .  why do people end up in cold storage in silver lame suits ?  don't know .  and doesn't make sense .  so .  .  .  all the protagonists wandered into the bookstore and became trapped ?  kinda undermines the happy ending with the boxer  ( thanks ,  guys !  )  ,  and the guy in the first segment died .  so how did he get trapped ?  did he visit the bookstore before he died ,  got trapped and .  .  .  didn't die ?  what ?  huh ?  i supposer this isn't expected to make sense because it's supernatural .  but still .  .  .   overall :  basically not dissimilar from the two newer twilight zone series ,  or some episodes of tales from the darkside or monsters .  the last two stories and part of the second are probably worth your time .  but there's nothing really spectacular here . 
i actually felt bad for the actors in this thing .  no doubt a high school drama class could do a better job or at the very least as well a job .  the actors must have thought this would be their big chance working in a film ,  it certainly was not .  besides the terrible acting the stories were boring and for the most part predictable .  the one about the remote control didn't even make any sense .  to bad cause it had the best premise in the bunch .   i'm all for supporting low budget films and giving new film makers a fair chance ,  but this turkey is a waste of time and an insult to the viewer .  i only watched it because of some good comments posted here .  they must have been planted by people with ties to the film .  you may fool people into watching this ,  but you can't fool them into liking what they saw .   i gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because at least the boxer story tried to be heart warming .  sure it failed miserably ,  but it tried .  i reserve 1 s for the worst of the worst .   do yourself a favor and skip this dribble .  i wish i had . 
and maybe ,  as fred sandford used to say ,   " one across the lips "  .  that to those who released this film on an unsuspecting public .  and perhaps to the person in  " rue morgue "  who called this a  " fender hellbender "  and said it was good .   five young girls ,  apparently taking a short-cut home from a high school football game ,  become lost and stop to ask directions at some small store in the middle of nowhere .  while there the driver accidentally hits a parked suv & knocks out a headlight ,  but the girls all decide to just leave & not go find the driver .  but the driver does come to find them ,  and it's not just that the headlight on her vehicle got dinged ,  it's for another reason that the girls do not yet understand .  when the driver does first catch them she  ( yes ,  it's a she )  brandishes a shot gun & makes them strip down ,  and keeps screaming at them ,   " how much did you see ?  "  .  of course the girls are scared to death & don't know what she's talking about .   as the night rolls on the girls end up in a cat and mouse game with the driver of the suv ,  who manages to inflict all manner of injuries on the girls ,  who are remarkably resilient to shot gun blasts and screwdrivers where they didn't want them .  eventually they come to find that something happened back at that store after they left that is the reason for this woman's psychotic rage .  and eventually they have a chance at revenge and take it about as far as they can go .   there are elements of this film that are rather disturbing and scary ,  but unfortunately ,  those moments are undermined by bad acting ,  bad dialog ,  and huge lapses of credibility .  one girl is hit by a shot gun blast and appears to be mortally wounded ,  and she's feeling cold ,  her life is passing before her eyes ,  but she got better ?  and how far can a mini-van run on an almost empty gas tank at speeds of 80 miles per hour ?  i need one of those things ,  it apparently gets great mileage .   there should have been an ending when the girls got their revenge ,  but the film goes on for a bit after that ,  which is an anti-climax ,  but they at least learn some of what set the woman off ,  and the driver is still worried about  " messing up her mom's van "  ,  which is obviously the least of anyone's worries .   so this isn't the worst film i've seen ,  but it's too amateur to be good and yet a bit too scary and gruesome at times to be completely terrible .  but it does take the cake for plenty of shrill hysterics and you'll want to put two across your ears if you watch this .  which ,  by the way ,  i don't necessarily recommend .  4 out of 10 . 
five across the eyes starts as five young teenage girls are driving home in time for their curfew ,  they stop off at a store & accidentally hit another car & decide to just drive off & leave it .  soon after the other car forces them to stop & a crazy woman with a shotgun gets out & shouts at them ,  makes them take their clothes off & makes them pee on them & then randomly drives off .  shaken & shocked the girls think their ordeal is over but the crazy woman comes back for seconds as she seems intent on killing the terrified girls who are lost & are low on gas .  .  .   produced & directed by greg swinson & ryan theissen with swinson writing the thing & theissen responsible for the cinematography & editing i have to say that five across the eyes is easily one of the worst films i have ever seen if not the worst ,  i mean i'm struggling to think of a film i have seen that's worse .  now let me start off by saying that i am sure a lot of the film-making decision taken here were deliberate to try & provoke atmosphere ,  tension ,  realism & suspense but there is not one aspect of five across the eyes that i didn't hate it to be honest it looks like a bad home video that has been put up on youtube & even then it's still slightly embarrassing & a frankly worthless waste of 90 odd minutes of my time that i could have been doing something more entertaining & fun like pulling my fingernails out with pliers .  the reviews on the web seem quite positive but on the imdb  ( the amount of 1 star comments is revealing & they can't all be wrong ,  right ?  )  & it's message board which i think is much more of an indicator of what the average person thinks it's absolutely trashed by just about everyone & the phrase 'the worst film i have ever seen' is used a few times & to be fair most of these negative comments mention th same things & i have to agree with them .  the story is terrible ,  alright i suspect it's meant to be minimalistic but this minimal ?  there's never any reason or explanation for the events that happen & it just feels totally random .  it goes on for ages ,  the amount of plot here would struggle to fill a thirty minute made for telly program let along a full length feature .  the dialogue is awful with these annoying girls who don't seem to have a brain cell between them taking about random stuff & screaming a lot .  oh god the screaming ,  there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whining which not only irritates & annoys & prevents any sane viewer feeling any sort of sympathy for them it also makes what they are trying to say almost impossible to hear properly .  then there's the real killer ,  the entire film is set & shot within the confines of a mini van ,  seriously the camera never leaves this car & as you can imagine it gets really boring ,  add that the low body count of just one person killed on screen & five across the eyes is a film that i hated with a passion .   on a technical level again i can see that the film-making style here was a deliberate choice but i have to be honest again & say five across the eyes is the worst looking film i have ever seen .  as a fan of film i like my films to look like proper films as it's a visual medium & i definitely don't want them to look worse than the average youtube video or my home films shot on a camcorder while i was drunk .  it really does look that amateurish & that bad ,  it's a complete eyesore & i hated every moment of every second of it .  just think the blair witch project  ( 1999 )  only ten times worse looking & sounding & you will be almost there .  there are times during five across the eyes when you literally can't tell what's going on or happening because of the camera-work & the almost pitch black & grainy contrast levels .  the violence is tame too with a few splashes of blood & a stabbing at the end .   low budget doesn't even begin to describe five across the eyes ,  with a supposed budget of about $4 , 000 this is easily one of the lowest budgeted films ever given a wide release .  the two vans in the film were owned by members of the production & that's basically pretty much the entire budget right there ,  the locations .  the acting is pretty bad by the main cast ,  i just hated all the fake put on crying & screaming that didn't convince at all but did irritate immensely .   five across the eyes will go down as one of the worst films i have ever seen & i have seen a few films ,  whenever anyone now ask's me what's the worst film i have ever seen five across the eyes will definitely get a mention .  i hated it ,  every single aspect & wretched moment of it . 
i never finished this movie for a reason ,  it was dreadful and thats just the acting .  i wasn't even sure what the film was about tbh it didn't make a lot of sense and the violence was awful .  i mean ususally i like some nude in a film  ( lol )  but it was just sick because of what was happening .  all the characters annoyed me and it was just full of loud screams and the camera was shaking at parts and it looked like a sequel to the blair with project but without any good qualities .  this is one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time and would like my time back please .  i wouldn't recommend this film to anyone or even consider it .   ( n ) 
im the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when i'm picking a film ,  so i picked five across the eyes ,  i was disgusted with this film and thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it , it made my skin crawl to think that people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it it was low budget and very rubbish !  i think i could of done better myself .  i think that it was the worst film i have ever seen in my life and you should not bother to watch it the actors were rubbish the camera was awful the picture was bad and the sound was not up to scratch ,  i think it was a little bit like a cheep rip of off the baler which project and it has not worked at all it was foul . 
this movie sucked .  it really was a waste of my life .  the acting was atrocious ,  the plot completely implausible .  long ,  long story short ,  these people get  " terrorized "  by this pathetic  " crazed killer "  ,  but completely fail to fight back in any manner .  and this is after they take a raft on a camping trip ,  with no gear ,  and show up at a campsite that is already assembled and completely stocked with food and clothes and the daughters headphones .  additionally ,  after their boat goes missing ,  they panic that they're stuck in the woods ,  but then the daughters boyfriend just shows up and they apparently never consider that they could just hike out of the woods like he did to get to them .  like i said ,  this movie sucks .  a complete joke .  don't let your girlfriend talk you into watching it . 
less than 10 minutes into this film i wanted it to end as it was painful .  all this  " horror "  movie was about was a group of whiny bitches doing stupid things for 90 minutes ,  arguing ,  crying and screaming .  do not let the positive reviews fool you as this really is a terrible movie and you really shouldn't watch it .   the movies plot had potential to be something great ,  but it just doesn't happen .  a group of five  " teenage "  girls are driving home one night when they find themselves being pursued by a crazed female driver who wants to kill them .  two minutes into the movie ,  and the characters are already arguing and this doesn't stop .  all we have for 90 minutes is a bunch of girls whining ,  crying ,  screaming ,   " acting "  and arguing .  none of the dialogue is even remotely interesting too ,  so you don't get to really know these characters or enjoy them .   the acting was terrible and i was shocked to find out that these characters were meant to be teenagers .  none of these women looked a day under 20 ,  and one of them easily looked like she was nearly 30 years old .  at least get people who look the age .  none of them gave even remotely decent performances ,  and just seemed like they were picked off the street or were friends of the director with no acting abilities .  the  " actress "  who played the killer overdone it ,  but she at least showed something that the other girls didn't - a little bit of talent .   the characters don't help things because these girls are a bunch of whiny ,  stupid bitches .  that is all i can really say about them ,  and it did not help that they all survived .  if i have to go into detail ,  in one scene the girls are being chased by the killer and having their car knocked a lot .  one girl injures herself and is whining about it .  .  . four of them aren't wearing seat-belts .  .  . what do you expect ?  one of your friends is being brutally attacked by the killer .  .  . and you all just happen to be conveniently  " too hurt "  to help ?  whatever .   the filming of the movie is absolutely terrible .  i don't care if this movie had a budget the size of a peanut ,  the filming was terrible and it was like watching a pirated version of a movie .  the cameraman was clearly in the car with the girls ,  pushed up against a window somewhere and the amount of times the camera blurred out ,  shook and brushed up against an  " actress "  was horrendous .  it was also grainy ,  and at times you couldn't hear what characters were saying  ( not that it was anything worth listening to )  .   supposedly the killers car in the movie  ( that supposedly got hit ,  even though we only heard the accident )  is actually the directors car in real life .  no wonder they didn't show the car getting hit !  this movie is so cheap ,  they can't even show a car getting a little scratched up .  oh ,  gotta mention the soundtrack also .  .  . if that's what it was .  it was horrid .  .  . sad one second ,  then hard rock the next .    at the end of the day ,  five across the eyes just feels like a terrible home-movie filmed in the middle of the road at night with a bunch of stupid girls screaming and arguing for 90 minutes .  it doesn't help when the script is terrible ,  the scares/tension/suspense and  ( hardly even any gore to make up for it )  are absent ,  the acting is terrible and the picture quality and filming are horrendous .   this was a horrible low-budget movie .  avoid it at all costs .   1/10
this  " film "  attempts to follow the genre of low budget ,  hand-held camera flicks that have proved to be very effective and successful .   this one ,  fails ,  and how .   it's amazing how many so called  " awards "  this piece of garbage has got plastered on the cover .  .  .  .  .  it makes you wonder what these critics were on when they actually submitted this .  .  .  .   words fail to describe just how absolutely appalling this movie really is .  seriously ,  it's that bad .   i watched it in 20 minutes flat ,  on almost continual fast forward .   from rubbish lighting to dreadful directing ,  grainy visuals to muffled sound ,  and of course not forgetting the abysmal acting ,  this was one completely and utterly pathetic piece of so-called film making .   it seriously ,  has no redeeming qualities - whatsoever .  save your cash and watch a decent low budget horror flick ,  there are plenty out there - dead end ,  the blair witch ,  rec ,  to name but a few .   avoid this rubbish at all costs .  do not waste your money or time on this piece of trash pretending to be an actual film .   take heed of all the other comments !  you've been warned ! 
there are really two sections of this film .  firstly there's the laughable prologue to the film which is so hysterical and cornball that it would almost feel appropriate that the 'the simpsons' troy mcclure should be doing the narration .   then the rest of the film begins  ( starting off with a title song which really doesn't fit in with the rest of the film )  which ,  while technically ok ,  is killed by a vague ,  inconsistent and unconvincing plot and not just uninteresting characters ,  but characters that make no sense .   this is especially so with mickey rooney's spiventa ,  who was supposedly in on the plot and part of the 'organisation' the whole time yet what would have happened had hackman made the seemingly arbitrary decision to take him along when breaking out ?  in that case he would've been a totally superfluous and unnecessary character ,  which in the end he still is .   the overall problem of the film is that it's totally unwilling to put any detail on who or what is behind this conspiracy .  it's as if the filmmakers didn't have the courage to imply that a particular section of society would be capable of creating such an organisation and instead settled on the hope that a lack of explanation would suffice and the audience would form their own conclusions .   put simply ,  the film fails on all levels . 
um .  .  .  okay ,  i guess i get the whole shaky-cam ,  gorilla-style filming technique but unfortunately i think a gorilla could have made a better movie .  .  .  this thing was just a complete mess from the get go .  bad acting ,  bad directing ,  bad story and horrific cinematography .  how this piece of garbage was released i will never know ,  but it has and unfortunately i watched it .  filmed on location in tennessee by the directing team of greg swinson and ryan thiessen  ( harry and lloyd )  ,   " five across the eyes "  i'm assuming is supposed to resemble a  " blair witch "  type film but falls short .  .  .  okay it nose dives off a cliff .  i was actually embarrassed for these young women ,  whom i'm sure were promised hollywood stardom ,  but ended up in this dung heap .  the dialog is ridiculous ,  and actually aggravates you as you listen to it .  how this is supposed to be a horror flick is another mystery ,  as there is nothing even remotely scary about it ,  except for the fact that i watched it .  .  .  try this one on for size :  there is 5 of you and 1 of her ,  do the math and beat her ass .  .  .   " the end "  .  saddly it went on  ( and on )  for 95 more minutes of mind-numbing stupidity .  .  .   i saw it for free ,  and wanted my money back . 
definitely ,  definitely the worst film i've ever seen ,  no questions asked !  contradictors of this opinion might argue that this title should not be judged by the same criteria as others ,  since it's an independent ,  low-budget film ,  but c'mon already  the amateurism and meager innovation is horrifying .   agreeing with everything that has been said about this film ,  for example the mind numbingly weak acting  ( when it's this bad you take another go at shooting the scene ,  god damn it )  ,  the thing i found the most annoying was the total lack of common sense in the script ,  assuming such a thing existed during the production .  there was an obvious absence of a dialogue with respect for the viewers ,  the girls switched personalities several times and they seemed to show absolutely no sing of any rationality or even brains - five relatively fit girls against one slight female psychopath  gang up on her ,  why don't you ?   the only thing that can be regarded as somewhat of a conquest for this title is the camera not leaving the van at any time thus the viewer seeing everything from inside it - which is ,  as the rest of the film ,  a good idea executed exponentially dreadfully .   oh and by the way ,  this movie is nothing like the blair witch project or cloverfield or any other title filmed with a hand-held camera  this is an effect and not a trait !  used cleverly it can be breathtaking ,  but in this case it's an excuse for inadequate cinematography . 
watching this movie ?  l thought to myself ,  what a lot of garbage .  these girls must have rocks for brains for even agreeing to be part of it .  waste of time watching it ,  faint heavens l only hired it .  the acting was below standard and story was unbearable .  anyone contemplating watching this film ,  please save your money .  the film has no credit at all .  l am a real film buff and this is worse than  " attack of the green tomatoes "  .   l only hope that this piece of trash didn't cost too much to make .  money would have been better spent on the homeless people of the world .  l only hope there isn't a sequel in the pipeline . 
do not watch this sad excuse for a film .  i have wasted time and money on this and am pretty p**sed off about it .   the acting is comparable with high school plays .  the script is shocking .  there is no plot .  twenty minutes from the end  ( which i believe i should be rewarded for reaching )  i had a headache from all the screaming ,  crying and wailing the five girls make .   the majority of the violence is  ( rare for a film nowadays )  suggested rather than graphically depicted but i found the characters so damn irritating that i wanted to see them ,  and indeed every single person involved in the making of this piece of s**t ,  die in the most horrible ways possible .   i spend ten more minutes of my life saving you from a very poor 100 minutes of yours .  don't do it . 
given that a lot of horror films are based on the premise that one or more of the central characters does something stupid at some stage during the proceedings ,  the girls in this film would be collecting gold ,  silver and bronze at a darwin awards olympic ceremony .  a mentally disabled baboon would have made better choices than they did ,  and would have screamed a lot less while doing so .   if you like films with a grainy picture ,  deliberately amateur camera-work  ( my 92 year-old grandmother wields a camcorder with better results )  ,  extremely poor sound and no discernible plot/narrative ,  then this is your ideal film .  also note that you should enjoy the following :  women screaming for no reason ,  women whining for no reason .  in fact reason and logic don't appear much in this film .  for example :   " we have to find stephanie "   " yeah i can't believe i was speaking to her ,  like ,  last night "   " she called you last night ?  "   " yeah ,  she wanted to talk about some date she got asked one "   " what ?  how come she didn't tell me "  ?  as in ,  our friend is being chased by a serial killer with a shotgun and an array of grisly weapons but i have a problem with the fact that she didn't tell me she was going on a date .   okay ,  so the budget is low .  that doesn't mean you have to make it look like it cost half the budget .  the 'score' is interesting since all - with the exception of one - tracks have been written and performed by the writers/directors of the film itself .  in fact it would appear that the entire budget has been blown on sampling a track by the duskfall ,  a death metal band from sweden .   the most worrying thing of all in the entire film is the ending which leaves us with the possibility for a sequel . 
i'll keep this fast and sweet .  five girls on their way home from a football game decide to take a 'short cut' that leads them down a deserted forest-ridden road .  of course nothing but good things happen to them ,  and they safely arrive at their destination .   alright ,  they don't .  soon they're hunted down by a deranged chick who has some severe mental issues ,  and what ensues is 90 minutes of sheer boredom .   i hope to never see any of these actors in any movie ever again .  their screaming ,  screeching voices gave me a headache ,  and the script was so poorly written that it included a lot of repeat phrases and nonsensical hysterical screaming .  all in all ,  one of the worst cheap horror flicks i've ever seen .  .  . and i've seen a lot . 
the problem with this movie is that it is shot on the worst possible camera and the film is blurry and grainy .  maybe it's just the fact that whoever was holding the camera couldn't hold still because they were having a seizure or something .  there is also way too much poop and vomit in this movie .  there is someone vomiting every twenty minutes and it makes me think that this was made by some bulimic or something .  it was disgusting .  then there is the annoying high pitched screaming that goes on and on and on and doesn't stop until the credits roll .  i also didn't like when all her friends were being shot  ( or not i don't know ) and she goes in the van and puts band aids on .  that was just really really stupid to even have that in a movie .  how much gas can a person siphon to get a van going ?  it must be a whole lot because they don't run out of gas for the rest of the movie .  it was a terrible movie and i would highly suggest not ever seeing it in your whole entire life . 
- contains miner spoilers -   i have seen a number of decent indie horror films such as the hamiltons ,  the boys love mandy lane and cabin fever ;  unfortunately i felt five across the eyes does not fall into this category .  from start to finish the film is plagued with amateurish acting resonating from a very poor script ,  god only knows why the writer ( s )  thought dialogue such as  " no don't go out there ;  don't go out there she'll get you :  if she gets you she'll kill you and if she kills you you're dead "  is of movie quality .   this film displays very little character development and to be honest i couldn't care less about what pain and torture was inflicted upon them as they are just a group of ditsy college girls who show almost no redeeming qualities' .  all they do is cry and whinge throughout the entire movie and if the girls aren't crying their arguing ;  when they do converse the topics are completely random :  about dating boys or how one of the girls father was recently cremated  ( appropriate subjects when you're being chased by a psychotic killer )  .   the soundtrack is also abysmal exhibiting corny techno music during both the start and end credits  ( although hearing the credit music knowing the end was nearing seemed like heaven )  .   the camera-work is appalling and at times makes the film unwatchable .  i'm guessing due to having little or no budget the director was limited to just one digital camera which resides in the girls' car almost the entire movie .  i think this was an effort to stick the audience as close to the action as possible :  to feel and experience what the girls are going through .  but due to a very shaky camera ,  grainy picture and being too close to the action it can be hard to tell what is going on during action scenes and is simply chaotic .  it's one thing to make a film subjective but it's another to have action on the screen that an audience can't decipher because of the poor cinematography .   i understand that five across the eyes is a low budget indie film but that does not excuse the extremely poor quality .  there are no redeeming factors to this film :  bad acting ,  poor scripting ,  shoddy camera-work and no story .  in light off all this i decided to give the film 1 out of 10 as it left me very disappointed ;  wanting a meteor to hit the earth bringing me sweet relief .  its 94 minutes off stupid college girls crying ,  arguing ,  aimlessly running and having random inappropriate conversations .  however ,  how many times do you get to see girls defecating into their hands and throwing the crap onto the windscreen of a chasing car . 
i'm dumbfounded .  yes that's right .  i'm really caught here .  no way did i find it awful ,  but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in macabre hysterical and murky incoherency .  the idea behind such a trim ,  minimal low-budget indie production isn't bad ,  but it's a confused muddle and in the end didn't do anything for me .  it's amateurish and simple ;  it wants to exploit beyond reasoning and do so in that of-late fashionably rapid filming style .  we have the documentary laced  ( hand-held )  camera moving everywhere  ( despite never leaving the van )  ,  and sometimes feeling unfocused and blurry making certain details hard to figure out .  lately you kind of get use to it ,  but there are times when it does become too distracting and even nauseating .  keeping it still will help .  the context has little groundwork  ( which has five teenage girls on their way home from a football game late at night and becoming lost on the back roads .  at a road-side store they become involved in a minor accident which smashes an unoccupied suv headlight .  scared ,  they flee and not too long that one-light suv appears behind them .  soon to make their night an unforgettable ordeal in terror )  spending most of the time playing out a drawn out ,  noisy and relentless cat and mouse game .    as for being disturbing i guess that depends .  some moments can make you squirm with its attention to pain ,  desperation and demented brutality  ( with good use of piercing sound fx that seem to be more favoured over the imagery and not forgetting the alienating background sound effects )  ,  but also i found myself snickering too .  in passages it can be repellent and intense with a real gradual rush ,  but hardly believable .  the injuries of random characters never seem as serious like you were to believe ,  despite obviously they should be .  watch how blood runs freely ,  but it's not entirely convincing and can get dull .  the constant nocturnal car chase could only do so much before getting repetitive .  we get screaming ,  spewing ,  bleeding ,  running ,  cursing ,  body fluids and so on .  quite unpleasant details followed too .  with little really to do ,  it needed a much stronger script than the measly forced one that was penned up .  too many cringe-moments arose from it ,  and there was not much in the way of depth for the characters and situation they were in .  it was about set-pieces ,  waiting for next torturous encounter and it drew it out long enough .  helping out is it had an unpredictable pattern .    the performances ;  jennifer barnett ,  angela brunda ,  danielle lilley ,  sandra paduch and mia yi are workman-like with their distraught characters and draw an authentic chemistry to make up for the script's weaknesses in its character-foundation  .  veronica garcia's flipped-out ,  bug-eyed intensity as the loony driver of the suv was something yeah something .  her character's real motivation for terrorising the girls and her unstable state of mind is virtually non-existent .  i guess being psychotic was good enough .  now probably the most unnerving thing i came across in the feature was that hideous soundtrack .  terrible techno music ,  to cheesy hard-rock and an overwrought closing score .  it never felt overdone or got in the way ,  but it did stick out like a sore thumb .  co-directors greg swinson and ryan thiessen try to get the most out of their slight resources ,  but even with it edgy spirit it ends up being something quite ramshackle .  maybe it was enjoyable to make ,  but watching it just wasn't the case . 
may contain spoilers .  .  . but doubt it can actually be spoilt !  !  .   five across the eyes can be summed up in one word .  .  .  . amateurish .  this film tries it's best to be different from most films by the 'blair witch' type of filming .  .  .  . it doesn't work .  .  .  . it just ends up looking and feeling like somebody had a cheap video camera ,  a van and decided to make a movie .  the story has no explanation ,  the protagonist is given no real motivation  ( and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls )  and there is no violence to speak of .  .  . just the sounds of screaming and crunching .  the whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is out of the question .  the five girls really do their best with what they've been given but on the whole come across as pretty terrible actresses .  .  . although with the material given it's hard to judge if they can actually act .  .  .  . they spend the whole movie screaming ,  squealing and whimpering .  .  .  . so much that half the time it's hard to make out what was said and the cameras are so bad it's actually hard to tell who said it .  this video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact just five girls in a van screaming in terror .  .  . that literally sums up the whole movie .  .  .  .  . we then get to the end after what seems like 5 hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive .  .  .  with one minus a finger .  the only thumbs up ( get it .  .  . finger .  .  .  . lol )  is for the poor actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices ( and their pride )  after making this terrible movie .  do not judge this by the poster .  .  .  . you'll be very let down . 
five across the eyes ain't worth one off the wrist ,  i must admit at one point i was really worried ,  for about 30 seconds nobody made a noise and i thought my speakers had blown or that i had gone deaf with the constant screaming and high pitch yelling ,  me and the speakers are ok now thanks for asking ,  funnily enough that was the best bit of the film .   i won't waste your time telling you the plot ,  read the other comments for that .   if you have bought this dvd but not yet unwrapped it don't ,  take it back and demand your money back ,  i've wasted mine don't do the same .   i was actually shouting at the telly  "  they're over here in the car ,  look for the camera lights ,  and get the camera man first  "  ,  i have left the swear words out but you can guess where they go .   if anybody would like to buy this film  ( it's really good )  it's yours for a ten quid . 
this was probably the worst movie ever ,  seriously .  i could actually do better myself ,  it wasn't even set up properly .  it's like this movie had a $5 budget and left with change .  don't watch it .  i didn't even get all the way through this movie ,  had to turn it off .  i've give this a 1/10 because it was hilarious how the producer of this movie wanted it to be a horror movie ,  but actually turned into a really bad comedy .  basically ,  a bunch of girls crashed into a car ,  broke a headlight ,  and the owner of that car went after them .  the bit that i saw was a women with a gun telling a load of girls to take all their clothes off ,  what the hell ?  it must be some kind of cheesy porn movie as well . 
the writers and producers of this little outing have plummeted new depths of depravity .  did writer's block set in so badly ,  or had ideas dried up so much ,  that they were forced to include a disgusting scene where a young woman defecates in the back seat of a van ,  and then promptly throws the excrement at the car behind  ( mind you at least this summarises what this film is worth )  .  we had already been treated to one of the other women urinating over one of her friends at gunpoint ,  as well as numerous episodes of graphic vomiting ;  once would have sufficed .  .  .  we got the message !  this really is taking toilet humour to another level !  had the script and acting been better then i could have easily forgotten that i was watching a film shot entirely on low budget video .  this was a fairly original storyline ,  with a clever  ( the only )  piece of direction in that we only ever got to take the viewpoint from inside of the van ;  thus making it feel much more real .  we never got to see inside any other locations ,  such as the store or the field where several of the women disappeared ,  and this could have added much needed tension .   the script was dire .  lines like :  'i don't feel too good .  .  .  i want to go home' after one of the girls has been pursued by a psychopath ;  subjected to rape by a screwdriver and shot at ,  seem a little undercooked .   the acting was diabolical  ( apart from the maniac )  .  did all the main 5 actresses in this learn acting by taking a correspondence course during a long postal strike !  the sound was so bad that i had to watch the entire film with the subtitles on .   the director seemed to have an easy job in this .  it seems that the only direction he must have given was :  'scream girls' .   and as for the screaming .  .  .  .  .  .  if you watch this please be sure to have some paracetamol at the ready ! 
first ,  it takes a full half hour to get hackman out of jail and to start doing the job .  what a waste of time ,  we all know hackman is getting out to do some job for his masters ,  why waste almost a third of the movie on these sequences .  then hackman stays in a hotel and the story arc again goes nowhere ,  simply proving to us that hackman is under close watch and anything he says or does is know by the masters .  again ,  another 20 minutes .  then more wasted time showing the reunion with his wife .  all of this should have taken 10-15 minutes at most simply as a set-up for the real action ,  intrigue and plot twists .  by the time the real action gets going ,  i was so bored that i just wanted the movie to end .  hackman is great as usual ,  and the other actors as well ,  but this is a dud of the first magnitude . 
as horror fans we all know that blind rentals are a crap-shoot .  sometimes we find a real gem ,  but many times we find that the film we've just spent our hard earned money on is nothing more than a putrid steamer made worse by the completely undeserved rave reviews and film fest awards listed on the box .  such is the case with five across the eyes  (  a title i'm sure is a double entendre referring to both the films budget and the compulsion anyone watching it might have to using all five fingers to stab their eyes out  )  .   the story ,  or ,  at least what the *ahem* writers think passes for one ,  centers on a group of teen girls who unwisely decide to go on a backwoods joyride late at night after leaving a football game and run afoul of a crazy woman who plays cat and mouse with them as punishment for what she thinks the girls found in her car after a fender-bender in a gas station parking lot .   in fairness ,  it's an interesting idea .  some of the best horrors have very simple story lines .  it's in the execution of five across the eyes that this idea falls flat .  the film tries to be a cross between the blair witch project with its shaky camera work and the texas chainsaw massacre in its bare-bones approach to the material but succeeds at being neither .  what we get instead are redundant scenes of chase ,  torture ,  release ;  chase torture ,  release ,  in that order for 94 minutes with long interludes of bitching ,  moaning ,  and incoherent rambling acting as plenty of padding in-between chase sequences .   the look of the film is incredibly grainy and dark ,  which ,  in a better made film might have enhanced the tension and the realism .  here it's merely annoying .  the characters are undeveloped and the viewer is hard-pressed to find anything to sympathize with them .  one character stops to get a first-aid kit and tend to some scrapes on her face while gunshots heard in the background indicate her friends may be getting killed .  another girl mutters hilariously dumb lines like  " don't go out there ,  she'll get you ,  if she gets you she'll kill you and if she kill's you you're dead "  .   it was an accolade from fangoria magazine and dreadcentral . com listed on the box that compelled me to check this one out .  talk about a fake orgasm !  perhaps my expectations would have been met had this been in the comedy section .  i'm all for low-budget indie horror but this one takes the crap-cake .  give five across the eyes  ( or fate ;  get it ?  )  a pass .   razorfriendly gives fate 1 slash out of five /
i can't believe this is on dvd .  even less it was available at my local video store .   some argue this is a good movie if you take in consideration it had only a 4000$ budget .  i find this funny .  i would find it very bad whichever the budget .   still more funny ,  i read the following in another review :   " dramatics aside ,  if you love horror and you love something along the lines of duel  ( 1971 )  updated with a little more story and some pretty girls thrown in ,  you'll love this movie .  "   what ?  !  ?  this is a shame comparing those two movies .   i give a  " 1 "  ,  since i can't give a  " 0 "  .  i just don't see any way this movie could be entertaining . 
how ,  in the name of all that's holy ,  did this film ever get distribution ?  it looks as if it has been shot on someone's mobile phone and takes the screaming girl victim scenario to whole new depths .  they literally scream for the full 90 minutes of the movie .  and that's all they do .  there is no plot ,  no tension ,  no characters ,  and not a lot of acting .  just screaming and more screaming .   i gave up after fifteen minutes and fast-wound through it to see if anything happened .  it doesn't - except for screaming ,  of course .  odlly enough ,  the act of going through it on fast forward highlights another problem - there is no camera-work to speak of .  every shot looks like every other shot - middle distance ,  one angle ,  dull ,  dull ,  dull .   it's not so bad it's good .  it's just plain bad . 
this film was positively the worst film i have ever watched .  i couldn't sit through the whole thing .  i also think writer must have some weird fetish for women peeing puking and crapping .  .  .  i mean what was that all about !  i cant believe this was even made and am disgusted at have #ingwasted a £4 rental fee .  the quality both picture and sound are terrible ,  the acting .  .  .  well doesn't exist  .  it was a poor excuse for a film and the scenes of pee ,  crap and puke were reminiscent of 2 girls 1 cup .  urghh .  .  .  .  .  .  .  avoid at all cost !  the girls looked like they had been picked off the street and only got the part cos they'd be willing to take their tops off .  .  .  while these girls have nice bodies it certainly didn't make up for the fact their shrieking was awful unconvincing and a pain to my ears .   this was like  ( possibly worse )  than an ammateur school production without any proper direction and hey there is no need for a set as it all seems to revolve around a car ?  !    definatey not one to buy folks .  sorry if my first comment is terribly negative but i could not find anything positive to say and i would like to think i may save someone else wasting their money like i have . 
this really is the most dreadful film i have ever seen .  i simply have no idea how anyone has the audacity to put this on release .   the production standards are atrocious .  there is no pretence here at cinematography .  the camera work ,  scripting ,  acting and sound are unbelievably crass .  i think there is a plot ,  but it could have been done in 10 minutes sparing us the time to watch it .  the hysterical neurotic girls at the centre of this piece have no credibility whatsoever .   i would urge anyone to avoid spending any time or money on this title .  it is truly atrocious .   jdd - 14 december 2008
do not waste your time watching this !  unless you want to study it for all the wrong things you shouldn't do to make a good film .  i am not one to usually review a movie ,  but this one is personal .  i wasted precious time which they cannot give back .  i feel compelled to write this report to warn others not to waste their time watching this crap .  if this was a student project ,  i would have to say not bad ,  but only for the first 15 min .  .  .  after that it gets annoying .  the screaming ,  the bad audio ,  the bad video  ( a good camera man could have made it much better )  .  and yes ,  whats with the blair-witch effect ?  no budget ?  i was hoping it was going to get better ,  but it doesn't .  now how the hell did it deserves a 4 ?  2 is more fair but 1 for wasting my time !  i have said my peace . 
this movie has many problem associated with it that makes it come off like a low budget class project from someone in film school .  i have to give it credit on its campiness though .  many times throughout the movie i found myself laughing hysterically .  it was so bad at times that it was comical ,  which made it a fun watch .   if you're looking for a low-grade slasher movie with a twist of psychological horror and a dash of campy ridiculousness ,  then pop a bowl of popcorn ,  invite some friends over ,  and have some fun .   i agree with other comments that the sound is very bad .  dialog is next to impossible to follow much of the time and the soundtrack is kind of just there . 
after just watching five across the eyes ,  i gotta be honest .  .  . i just didn't like it .  i had read so many good reviews on this movie ,  but i just did'nt get where these reviews have came from ,   i have got a lot of time for newcomers into film-making ,  and i'm sure the directors will do well for themselves ,  but the budget they had was the main problem ,  there was two cameras used in the entire film  ( which was ok )  but they seemed like really cheap cameras .  another problem was the sound ,  you get all these girls screaming and shouting all at the same time ,  all talking on top of each other - it's just impossible to hear what they're saying .   it had a good idea going for it ,  in a nutshell ,  they hit a parked car then drive off ,  a short while later they are getting chased by the car they hit ,  driven by a mad woman ,  who wants to kill them ,  and has plenty of chances to do so !  .  .  . and on the other hand the girls have plenty of chances to escape ,  but don't !    very frustrating .  .  . i only just scraped through this one ! 
the word in the summary sums it up d'oh  ;  )  five girls get lost trying to find their way home ,  when they stop at a store to get directions they hit a parked car breaking one headlight on it ,  they flea the scene in fair of getting in trouble but suddenly they see one headlight coming up behind them  ( ooooh )  .   from there out everything is screaming ,  crying and violence when they try to get away from this crazy person who lost it because of a headlight  ;  )  ,  well the screaming and crying pretty much stays through the entire movie  ( very annoying )  the movie is shot ,  with a cheap camera trying to make it seem  " real "  or  " shocking "  i guess ,  it's just embarrassing and useless though .  in lack of anything better to compare it with ,   " blair witch style "  .   the screaming and crying for pretty much the entire movie with crappy sound was over the top annoying ,  you literally get a headache  :  )   i'm sorry but this was not scary ,  only an annoying painful piece of crap movie . 
gene hackman gets himself busted out of prison by a nameless government agency who want him for an assassination .  it's a given of course that hackman has the proficient skills for the job .   nobody tells him anything though ,  he's given as the audience is given bits and pieces of information .  that's supposed to be suspenseful ,  instead it's annoying and boring .    hackman goes through with the mission ,  but the getaway is messed up and the guy at the top of this mysterious entity orders everybody dead to cover it up .  so everyone in the cast dies and at the end you don't really care .   one of the other reviewers pointed out that the film was originally twice as long ,  almost three hours and got chopped down quite a bit .  maybe something really was lost in the translation ,  but i tend to think it was a mercy act on the audience .   a very talented cast that had people like richard widmark ,  candice bergen ,  mickey rooney ,  eli wallach ,  and edward albert is so thoroughly wasted here it's a crime .    and we never do find out just what federal agency was doing all this ,  the fbi ,  the cia ,  the dea or even the irs . 
i think this movie was supposed to be shocking .  but the only way in which it is indeed shocking is how shocking badly it's been made  .  .  . and simply is .  it's one-and-a-half hour of torment .  even more so for the viewer than for the characters in the movie  ( the five girls )  .   sure the main characters get their bloody piece in a bad way ,  which is basically fine ,  since it's a horror-movie .  and i  ( usually )  like horror-movies .  i've no problem with violence in these type of movies per se .  however all the violence in this film serves no end whatsoever .  it's no spectacle other than that it's simply grotesque .  it's so lame it even gets boring ,  and really quick too .   the worst thing  ( if the above wasn't bad enough for ya )  about this movie is that they've tried to copy the blair whitch project ,  by filming with cheap hand-held-cameras .  but  ( again ,  this too )  serves no end whatsoever .  in the  " blair which "  ,  sure enough ,  there's an explanation ,  namely they are their with a camera looking for the blair witch .  in this film ,  there's no other explanation than :   " hey ya'll we wanted this to look like the blair whitch !  !  "  the sound in the movie is also something to get depressed about .  the girls are screaming so hysterically that many a time you can't make out what they're saying .  also ,  no effort has been made to make anything any better ,  sound-wise or other wise .   than finally ,  there's the soundtrack ,  which is just as bad as the rest ,  and varies from cheap euro-house to the worst grungy hard-rock .  .  .   my advise :  don't watch this under any circumstances . 
i can't believe anyone liked this movie .  i've seen a lot of low-budget indie films ,  but this one absolutely sucked .  low budget doesn't mean the movie has to be demented .  horror doesn't mean the movie has to be demented .  there was nothing scary about this movie at all .  it was just a gore-fest ,  and a particularly disturbing one at that .  the acting was average ,  considering they were all unheard of actors ,  but the story was pathetic ,  the dialog was pathetic .  the movie tries to come off as  " artistic "  ,  or something .  this is not one of those really great indie films that cost only thousands of dollars to make ,  but are incredibly well done .  this was nothing more than an excuse for some extremely sick people to put their perverse obsessions on film .  other reviews here also said that the soundtrack sucked .  .  . that's because most of it was written by the same person ,  and some of the songs were written by one of the writers of the movie .  there were no redeeming qualities to this movie at all .  a complete waste of my time and money . 
daddy's girls florence lawrence and dorothy west receive some terrific news at the local post office ,  unaware they are being stalked by burglar charles inslee .  meanwhile ,  father david miles receives a message  ( from young robert harron )  which necessitates daddy leaving home ;  so ,  when the young women return ,  they can be home alone .  as the vulnerable pair bed down for the evening ,  the local  " grand ball of the black and tans "  gets underway ;  and ,  a dark-skinned drinker portends additional danger for d . w .  griffith's dynamic duo   mr .  inslee has one of his better biograph roles ,  stealing the film from  " the girls and daddy "  .  ironically ,  director griffith appears as one of the black-faced extras at the  " black and tans "  ball .   " biograph girls "  lawrence and west are suggestive of later  " griffith girls "  lillian and dorothy gish ,  especially in  " orphans of the storm "   ( 1921 )  ;  and ,  they are excessively affectionate in bed !  the racist tone is unfortunate ,  since the story of a burglar redeemed by saving his potential victims from a greater danger ,  is intriguing .    *** the girls and daddy  ( 2/1/09 )  d . w .  griffith ~ florence lawrence ,  dorothy west ,  charles inslee
yet another british romantic comedy which audiences all over the world seem to have a ravenous appetite for .  this feeble effort is an unintentional parody of the genre - all the classic clichéd scenes are here from ridiculously elaborate misunderstandings to running after departing trains to declare one's love .  the characters are one-dimensional caricatures save for love-hewitt who manages to bring some cohesion to the film .  things threaten to spiral out of control in the plausibility department as the film progresses ;  our good-natured suspension of belief finally comes crashing down during the preposterous ending .  if you're looking for a bridget jones ,  notting hill kind of experience you won't find it here . 
there have been more interesting polish documentaries on worm farming ,  in brail_ !  !  the competition  ( worm farming )  had a better plot and more interesting characters .  i was physically ill after watching this movie .  the cheating husband  ( i think dougray_scott_ )  was a joke in every meaning of the word .  poor jennifer must really need the work ,  and what was with the accent !  !  .  the locations and random meetings reminded me of a high school prank ,  and showed the humility of a 10 year old in cooking class .  it was that bad that i think i will write the sequel named  " this is not a laxitive "  .  thank you for listening it was a great weight of my conscious . 
hiya folks ,   well ,  this movie sucks really .  think  " love actually "  in reverse .  nothing fits quite right ,  nothing is coherent ,  and certainly nothing makes you laugh .  love is rare in this film .   it is a total flop .  as indicated however ,  there are three redeeming points about this mangled potential of a film .   a )  with a star billing of jennifer love hewitt ,  there will be hordes of guys who will submit with grace to viewing this just to catch a glimpse of the petite hewitt with form fitting clothing .  to tell you now guys .  .  .  . there are some promising scenes .  .  .  . but it's really weak eye candy .  the  " possibilities "  here are watered down .  nevertheless ,  i watched the whole thing tempted by the next scene of you know what .  .  .  .  . titillating !   b )  the ending is romantic and positive .  that it's contrary and  " over the top "  is relevant .  .  .  .  . yet for me was still a positive point .   c )  dougray scott plays an amourous friendly guy .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . refreshing !  thank you !    2/5 ,  not worthy of your 10 or so dollars .   2/3's of the way through ,  i was convinced jennifer love hewitt was becoming the next softcore legend .  although i'll take that back for now .  .  .  .  . it hinges greatly on her next film .   oh ,  and her sister is way stupid .  her husband is way stupid .  .  . and what the heck ,  she's way stupid .   next time .  can't wait for the next love actually with jlh ! 
i ordered the movie from korea because i was an extra in it and was interested to see how it turned out .   having watched it i can say that i am ashamed to have had any part of it .  i feel embarrassed not only for myself but for everyone else who had any part in the making of this mockery of british  " comedy "  .   from beginning to end the film is predictable ,  tedious ,  dull ,  monotonous and cringe-worthy to the point that on several occasions i actually looked away from the screen in dis-belief .  until you actually see the movie it is difficult to conceive how un-romantic and un-comedic a romantic comedy can be .   it's not only a bad story ,  but a badly-made film .  in one scene ,  you can actually see a runner or assistant director showing the s . a . 's when to wipe across .  i will post details of this in the 'goofs' section .   on the up-side ,  it did fill me with emotions  ( disappointment ,  rage ,  embarrassment ) 
watching truth about love  ( is this a double entendre about the star ?  )  is like plugging in white noise or manufactured water sounds to help you sleep - you put it in the dvd slot because there is nothing else left on the store shelves and you are in need of distraction after a hectic day .  and it works for that for that purpose :  being a british romantic comedy it is a bit more .   the story is a rather simple one about a wife alice  ( jennifer love hewitt )  married to an increasingly distant husband sam  ( jimi mistry )  who has put their love life on hold due to the burdens of his busy law practice .  his partner archie  ( dougray scott )  is fond of both sam and alice ,  but has a longtime attraction to alice that goes beyond friendship .  alice pals with her sister felicity  ( kate miles )  ,  a free love advocate ,  who encourages alice to have affairs .  on valentine's day ,  after a drinking binge with her sister ,  alice mails a card to sam signed 'anonymous' as a test to see if sam responds ,  testing his fidelity .  at the same time archie mails a radish seed packet to alice on which he has inscribed a suggestive love not .  both have ex post facto regrets .  sam in fact is spending time with a lover katya  ( branka katic )  and is indeed cheating on alice .  alice arranges assignations with sam via email and phone calls and plans to meet sam in disguise as 'anonymous' to test his fidelity .  the entire cast of characters gets caught up in the silly charade and the ending proves that real love must be based on truth - and how that results in the various pairings is the surprise  ( of sorts )  of the fluffy script .   british comedies work because of the quality of writing and the tight quality of acting .  perhaps had director john hay elected to cast a british actress as alice instead of pasting a phony accent on jennifer love hewitt the result may have been improved .  but in the end this story by peter bloore bounces between mildly humorous and pathetic in its messages .  one terrible distraction is a musical score that is consistently so loud that it covers all the dialogue and is intrusive .  there are some nice scenes of london and a few moments of passable humor ,  but in the end this little film is truly best utilized as background music/white noise .  grady harp
i can't believe they got the actors and actresses of that caliber to do this movie .  that's all i've got to say - the movie speaks for itself !  ! 
whattt was with the sound ?  it sounded like it was all dubbed .   otherwise ,  bad .  plot = bad .  accents = bad  ( even dougray ,  and we live in scotland )  ,  acting = bad ,  harp = bad ,  sex scenes - bad/cringeworthy .   still ,  we watched it until the end in disbelief .  how could such a good roll call of actors perform so badly ?  will they ever get a decent job again ?    bad ,  bad ,  bad .  by the way ,  we gave it 3 because we at least were enticed to watch it to the end due to its bizarre plot ,  etc .   and to the older reviewer - i totally agree ,  it was like a romantic farce from the 1940s .  how did it get made in 2004 ?   ok ,  ok ,  there were some ok bits .  they had a nice house in bristol .  dougray had a nice boat .  jennifer looked nice in a little outfit .  but how come the sister got all the men ? 
the movie had a cute opening ,  i truly believed i was in for one of the best romantic comedies i've seen in a while .  .  .  there was something particular  " foreign "  about the way the movie was set up ,  realistic yet somewhat abstract and mystical .  but then the story line started becoming more and more unrealistic .  to say that the ending was corny and predictable would almost be an understatement .  .  .  the most typical romantic ending where everything goes great for every 'likable' character .  a scene where the main character realises that he has made a mistake and chases the  " woman of his dreams "  only to confess his love for her in front of a sympathetic crowd of on- lookers .  come on .  in the end ,  the 'good guys' win ,  'bad guys' loose .  .  .  you get the picture .  a waste of a potentially interesting movie . 
i've seen better production quality on youtube !  i pity the actors ,  as the writing was terrible and the direction shocking ,  not sure how they could get the lines out - i really doubt any actor would have been able to salvage this movie no matter how good they were .  the characters were not developed at all ,  and there was no real cohesion in the plot which just seemed to go nowhere much .  it's a shame really ,  as the premise for the movie was good and with better production quality ,  direction and script it could have been a decent movie .  it certainly was not a comedy ,  unless you laugh out loud at the dubbing - which was amateurish ,  even the english actors sounded weird . 
at least it's not full of sensless violence or fluff .  it's also not very full of thought or a smooth storyline .  this story had some potential but the director appears to have lost site of the green .  the story is disjointed and goes off in strange  directions ,  to no conclusion .  i also don't believe the director spent much time around a golf country club ,  either .  some of the depictions are absurd .  not very engaging . 
the only word i can think of to describe this movie is :  ordinary .   the plot line about gary sinise's character attempting suicide is a ridiculous premise and c'mon .  . living as some sort salingeristic hermit or recluse in a shack driving golf balls into the ocean because he couldn't handle life in the lucrative pro/am golf community ?  cry me a river .  i wish these were my problems .  i do enjoy dylan baker and sinise but this movie was clearly a bad choice or a pay check for sinise .  the scene in which little timmy price gets verbally abused by the other club member in front of his father during the tournament is so over the top that i am embarrassed to watch it
 " a gentleman's game "  uses the game of golf in a country club setting to illustrate an adolescent's discovery about honesty ,  prejudice ,  and other life lessons .  several times i thought i knew where this film was heading ,  only to be proved wrong .  unfortunately ,  i'm not so sure that the filmmakers ever knew where it was heading ,  either .  the defining moment in this movie is probably the scene in which gary sinise mocks  " the karate kid "  and debunks any notions that he's going to become a mentor to the adolescent golfer .  it's refreshing ,  in a way ,  that this movie refuses to follow most of the simplistic and over-worked movie formulas .  however ,  too much of it still comes off as contrived .  at the drop of a hat people drop all pretenses of civility ,  or fail to stick up for the things in which they believe ,  or are exposed for something far less respectable than their place in society assumes .  unfortunately ,  there is often no resolution to these moments .  and except for the fact that the club serves as backdrop for them ,  there is no real continuity or linking of them .  it's a shame that the writers and director could not salvage a better film ,  especially given some of the talented actors and potential in the setup . 
i had the good fortune of reading the book before seeing the movie .  it was an epic of adolescence ,  a dream of summers gone ,  a great potential indie film or big budget drama .  it somehow got into the hands of a hack ,  who clearly took notes watching boogie nights and rushmore without actually learning anything at all .  the script loses the meat of the book in favor of forced emotional notes and low brow gags .  i feel sorry for the actors ,  since the characters in the book were rich and textured ,  but cut down to embarrassing charactures in the film .  mason gamble is great when given the opportunity ,  as is dylan baker ,  but the skeleton that remains of the story plays out like a bad after school special .  poor people = good ,  rich people = bad .    though it's almost worth watching to see the southern california beach where gary sinise parks his trailer which is meant to pass for a bay in delaware .    it's a good book ,  but an embarrassing turn for first time director mills goodloe .    k . 
i saw this movie way back when it premiered .   it was based on the notion that autistic children could communicate with typed-out messages with someone else merely aiding them and guiding their hands .   then suddenly these children ,  many of whom weren't even observing the keyboard or the screen when the messages were being typed out  ( they could be looking up at the ceiling in some instances )  ,  but their moderators were eyes glued on the keyboard ,  began typing messages of abuse from their parents and other persons ,  sending parents and child welfare agencies in a proberbial tizzy ,  left and right .   this whole thing was proved a fallacy when a third person presented a folder ,  opened it to the child and said 'type the picture you see' ,  then as the presenter turned the folder to the moderator ,  a fold would fall down ,  revealing another different picture .   so while the child may have seen a dog ,  the moderator saw something like a boat .   every time ,  every bloomin' time ,  the name of the picture typed was what the moderator had observed ,  never what the child was shown .   so who was doing the typing ?  never the child .   this movie further took a disastrous turn with ,  as the australia poster stated ,  the person who molested the child in the movie was in the situation trying to help the child .   had melissa gilbert never put her son in that place ,  he wouldn't have been molested ,  is what the movie says .  he was better off under her supervision .   if i turn my kid over to your organization for aid and he gets molested instead ,  do you think i'm going to be keen to listen to anything you have to say after that ?  not likely !  i think it is a safe bet that all of these accusatory messages that these kids were typing out ,  that this movie was based on ,  they never accused someone within their operation as took place here .   unfortunately ,  i do recall that the movie gave a very good performance from gilbert as the mother of an autistic ,  but other than that ,  the movie really didn't do much .   the worst by far was the child typing at the end to patty duke ,  and we hear the mechanical voice read back what he typed ,   .   .   .   .   .   " we won !  "  this child was molested .  if you cut my leg off and i take you to court and you are found guilty of damaging me ,  assault ,  whatever ,  then that is legal justice ,  but it doesn't bring my leg back .   at best ,  in my condition ,  i will view it as a hollow victory .   whatever chance this child had at what is perceived as normalcy with the autism alone is further damaged by the molestation .   a 'normal' child has enough to contend with from such an experience .   it's utterly superficial to think that you must look upon any situation and go 'we won' if that person is found guilty in court .   just a bad handling of a situation and circumstances all the way around here . 
first off ,  i would like to point out that while i am not an expert ,  the way the trial was handled will insult your intelligence .  firstly ,  the prosecution never proved that 'facilitated learning' actually works .  irresponsible for both the prosecution ( because they can get an appeal )  and the defense for not acting on this .  as another commenter said ,  facilitated learning was proved untrue .  secondly ,  they used terry as the translator who has personal interest ,  and even will testify ,  in the trial which is just stupid .  if the court had allowed him to testify that way ,  they would have brought in someone neutral otherwise they would be just asking for an appeal .  thirdly ,  this child was never asked specific questions about the defendant by the prosecution ( birthmarks ,  details of the event ,  etc .  )  and even when asked by the defense specific questions like when it started ,  he could not answer .  if that isn't reasonable doubt i don't know what is and a competent lawyer would have gotten an acquittal .   bottom line ,  it starts off well with the pressures of being the parent of a child with autism ,  but the trial makes this movie wholly unbelievable . 
i looked forward to watching this film and then realised that any hope of a coherent dialogue between the actors was swamped by the unnecessary swearing .  now i am not a prude in any way ,  but to shout obscenities at each other does not a good film make .  ewan bremner is arguably one of the worst actors in the world at this time  ( witness his performance in the god awful life of stuff )  & his  " cockney "  accent is almost as bad as his edinburgh accent .  avoid .  how many more of these films  " kiss kiss bang bang "  ,   " beautiful creatures "  do we have to suffer before the film makers realise that the f-word ,  the c- word etc does not replace proper dialogue . 
this is truly terrible :  painfully irritating stylised performers screech and mug gratingly incoherent dialogues which take place in scenes which seem to have no purpose ,  no beginning ,  middle or end ,  cut together without any apparent narrative or even cognitive intention ,  all in the service of some entirely uninteresting and almost undetectable  " story "  .  what makes it worse is the film's pretentions to  " style "  :  suddenly a remote-head crane shot spirals downwards ,  and ,  without any apparent reason there are sudden whip-pans or wobblyhand-held sections :  all this  " style "  merely serves to magnify the almost unbelievably huge misconception of the project and the almost offensive vacuity of the material .  definitely a candidate for the worst film ever made . 
'mojo' is a story of fifties london ,  a world of budding rock stars ,  violence and forced homosexuality .  'mojo' uses a technique for shooting the 1950s often seen in films that stresses the physical differences to our own time but also represents dialogue in a highly exaggerated fashion  ( owing much to the way that speech was represented in films made in that period )  ;  i have no idea if people actually spoke like this outside of the movies ,  but no films made today and set in contemporary times use such stylised language .  it's as if the stilted discourse of 1950s screenwriters serves a common shorthand for a past that seems ,  in consequence ,  a very distant country indeed ;  and therefore stresses the particular ,  rather than the universal ,  in the story .  'mojo' features a strong performance from ian hart and annoying ones from aiden gillan and ewan bremner ,  the latter still struggling to build a post-'trainspotting' career ;  but feels like a period piece ,  a modern film incomprehensibly structured in an outdated idiom .  rather dull ,  actually . 
i love these actors ,  but they were wasted in this flick .   i can only wonder ,  what were they thinking agreeing to this crap ?  ?  ?   debra winger just phoned it in ;  dennis quaid and arliss howard were caricatures .  some people thought it was deep .  well ,  if you liked  " breaking the waves "  ,  you'll probably like this too .  i hated both .  3/10
this is a film where the actors are all fine ,  especially brigitte bako and erik palladino ,  in a film where every one of the three couples meet in a situation that feels verrrrry forced to be either cute or to set the story in motion .  in other words ,  it feels like they are contrived movie scenes ,  not like real life .  even if women who work at peep parlors ever go out with one of their customers ,  it just doesn't seem realistic at all the way it is written in this film .  also ,  when one of the characters meets the overweight woman in the film ,  it feels artificial ,  the way they look at each other seconds after arguing .  again ,  the actors are all good ,  and moments of this film are nice ,  but overall yet another indie that could have used some rewriting before production got rolling . 
she has been catapulted from 13 to 30 ,  with magic dust involved ,  courtesy the 13-year-old matt ,  but nothing is made of that except as an unexplained device .  new york city ,  especially central park ,  but also every other slice of the place incorporated into the movie ,  seems hope-filled and easily livable ,  and save for lucy there's no villain in jenna's adult life ,  and even lucy is not cast as monstrous ,  only as a nasty 13-year-old grown 17 years more devious .  chris ,  the one-time boy object of jenna's yearning ,  is now a porky cab driver ,  and you have seen enough films to know that matt will play a major role in jenna's future .  you don't know quite what might impede this before it is finally achieved ,  though i'm here to whisper in your ear ,  so to speak ,  that the device is not unique .  in fact ,  not only is this a variation on the theme of tom hanks'  " big ,  "  though nowhere near as fine ,  it is also a strictly by-the-book version of this subset of the cinderella story . 
what the *bliep* is it with this movie ?  couldn't they fiend a better script ?  all in all a 'nice' movie ,  but .  .  .  it has been done more than once .  .  .  up till the end i thought it was okay ,  but .  .  .  the going back to the past part .  .  .  *barf* so corny .  .  .  was waiting for the fairy god mother to appear .  .  .  but wow ,  that didn't happen .  .  .  which is good .   i loved big with tom hanks ,  but to see such a movie in a new form with another kid who wished that he/she is older/bigger ;  that just is so pasé  just watch till it comes out on tv .  don't get me wrong ,  but it ain't all that
i'm beginning to see a pattern in the movies i give a 1 to .  they are almost all movies that my wife made me watch .  maybe i should stop having faith in her taste in movies .  anyway ,  this is typical drivel aimed at pre-teen girls but done even more poorly than usual .  once again ,  the writer broke the cardinal rule of any movie .  he/she made the main character unlikable .  she starts off by being a complete b*tch to her friend at the beginning ,  and then finds out when she becomes 30 ,  that she's basically a sh*tty person  ( having affairs ,  etc .  )  .  why the f would we feel for this person ?  ok ,  let's say we can get past that .  jennifer garner is about as far from attractive as you can get without having some sort of deformity .  i don't know if it's her or the writer's fault ,  but her character goes well beyond my threshold for annoyance .  here's a tip for future filmmakers :  13 year olds are not entertaining ,  they're annoying .  far and away the most embarrassing moment in the movie came when they danced to  " thriller "  .  holy crap that was painful .  it showed her practicing that dance at the beginning .  that explains why she knows it ,  but an entire club full of people ?  !  ?  argh !  !  !  the macarena would be more believable !  all of a sudden she's completely incompetent and has no clue how to do her job and no one notices ?  at least tom hanks' character on  " big "  had a job that made sense to a child .  these body-switching/child becoming adult overnight movies are really getting out of hand ,  and this is by far the worst one yet . 
this movie is horrible .  everything in it has been done before .  there is nothing original .  i cannot stand when writers don't come up with their own plots .   a girl makes a wish on her 13th birthday and wakes up as an adult .  hmm ,  sounds a lot like a movie in the 80s called big .  what is even more annoying is jennifer garner's acting .  she doesn't act like she is 13 she just acts like she is stupid .   from then on ,  you can guess the whole plot .  she gets a good job and it just so happens that a friend she had at 13 works with her .  wow ,  how awesome !  but ,  no .  .  .  . her friend is bad and turns on her ,  trying to get her job .  but ,  of course ,  she wins in the end when she comes up with a  " great "  idea .   there's also a dancing scene in the movie that i've seen a thousand times before .   i hate this movie . 
this esteemed production has it's fans .  but to paraphrase the classic bad review of 'mary reilly , ' moby dick is like a painting ,  only slower .   this is because the philosophical grounds for a movie  " production "  are never to make a great film ,  rather it's to substitute the lack of a strong guiding idea  ( in this case for a books transference to film )  with a list of hopelessly atomized ,  undynamic but dazzling conceits in an effort to trick viewers into thinking they've seen greatness .  as viewers & critics are apt to fall for this ,  oscars follow ,  feeding the whole dumb equation .   i don't share in the pleasure all these reviewers found .  moby dick is stunningly uninvolving .  actors dutifully recite essays about jonah ,  moby dick ,  the ocean ,  moby dick ,  moby dick .  .  .  all things that can't respond ,  and not one of which is absorbing in the slightest .  it's dramatically inert .  it doesn't build .  in narrative terms moby dick  ( as a movie )  is little more than a foregone conclusion in search of an actual story .  after half an hour i was muttering  " oh terrific .  .  .  another oath  .  .  . another 4 minute soliloquy !  "   in the failed effort to involve you ,  it's a pretty campy overacting showcase .  a lot of grey hair here .  starbuck is supposed to be a golden god .   (  !  )   one knows one is looking at a great director when he makes the medium his own rather than trying to replicate the feel of someone else's paintings & palette ,  or reverently embalming a classic as huston does here .  paintings and books are nice but they're a different mediums .  a movie like this fails to grasp that an honestly enjoyable piece of crap  ( village of the damned )  is better in most respects than an insufferable piece of culture .  this is the eat your vegetables school of film-making .   one appreciates the work that must have been done to make the movie ,  but not the narrative .  only a few segments reflecting maritime research are interesting ;  the recording of shanties as a means of structuring work & various sea efforts ;  and the technology of whaling .  and that doesn't call for a two-plus hour movie . 
non existent plot ,  tons of poorly directed / super-cheesy scenes  ( snipers / world famous sharpshooters who can't even hit their targets a few feet away ?  plus what's up with the ending ? ---> a bunch of law enforcers vandalizing a carnival's shooting gallery ?  wth ?  )  ,  technical mistakes  ( how many bullets can you fit into a magazine of a glock ?  100+ ?  these people fire their guns without the need of reloading )  .  the movie is so bad that even senior hollywood actor like michael biehn  ( aliens ,  terminator )  can't save this junk .   do not watch this movie  ( i realized that i wasted some good 100 minutes of my precious life on this one )  .  hopefully the director would either stop making movies ,  or learn more for his next movie . 
 " handsome guys with bad haircuts  !  !  "   " beautiful girls without any clues  !  !  "   " stupid gangsters who cannot shoot straight  !  !  "  from dragon dynasty comes the hong kong gangster drama ,   " dragon heat .  "  for reasons which will probably forever be completely obscured ,  the production and casting call for this 'criminals-on-steroids' movie somehow got both maggie q and michael biehn to sign on as villains .  but they don't get all that much to do in this horrid slug-fest .   they are two of the best contemporary actors around ,  each with their own resume' and list of accomplishments ,  and biehn in particular has had the courage to take some rather challenging and non-heroic roles .   maggie q was the super-bad  " mai "  in  " live free or die hard ,  "  so 'nuff said .   biehn is ,  of course ,  famous for being the soldier-from-the-future who made  " the terminator "  of 1984 such a believable science-fiction/fantasy romp ,  by crashing up against big arnold ,  who is now the governator of california  !  !    michael biehn is almost wholly wasted in this terrible train-wreck of a police drama .  there is absolutely no reason for that ,  as the incredibly convoluted plot -- given mostly in chinese ,  as it is a hong kong story -- could have been better elaborated for non-chinese audiences with a foreign narrator .   in other words ,  if biehn had been used as something like an interpol observer or coordinator ,  or an agent under deep cover ,  who needs to get some 'splaining given to him every five or ten minutes ,  that would have been great .  but no ,  he's brought in as a part of an odd group of special forces-type bad guys who seem to be freelancing their own corrupt deal ,  in the middle of somebody else's totally corrupt deal involving the local king of corrupt deals .    yes ,  there ,  i said it all .  confused  ?  me too .   " welcome to the party ,  pal .  "   in the truly superb hong kong crime drama ,  known by its english title as  " breaking news ,  "  there are also a number of fascinating characters at work ,  but there is only one story line in the plot .    bad guys vs .  good cops .  in this wretched and excessively violent foray into the world of a hong kong triad ,  or gang ,  it seems that the hot-shot police force is little more than a parade of ducks in a shooting gallery ,  the way the criminals mow them down .   so ,  not surprisingly ,  there's an almost otherwise incomprehensible scene  (  several scenes ,  in fact  )  ,  where kids are trying to shoot wooden ducks in an arcade game ,  to win stuffed animal prizes .  and so the hot shot good-guy police officers quite naturally intervene on their behalf ,  so that the arcade owner has to give up the kewpie dolls .   there's also a half-hearted attempt at creating a  " love interest "  between one of the 'visiting cops' and the sole female 'visiting cop' .   the visiting cops are supposed to be material witnesses against the triad gangster leader ,  who gets hijacked on the way to his court appearance ,  but not by his own team but by the mercenaries  (  biehn ,  maggie q ,  and some others  )  .  these killers all want something but we don't get to learn about what it is ,  until the very end of the film  !  !  that was a stupid mistake inside of the overall story .   you cannot build suspense in a crime drama without something to obtain ,  or get ,  or get away from ,  being introduced very early in the story .   add to that some  " cut-away scenes "  done for purely artsy effects ,  all showing the bad-bad guys' and the regular bad guys' recent pasts ,  and any film buff can readily understand why this barking dog gets a 1 rating from this fan of all things cinematic with criminals and conspirators and hong kong . 
at the end of  " dragon heat ,  "  all i could think of was why i bothered sitting through the whole thing .   the film's premise is interesting and that - as well as maggie q - is what attracted me to the film in the first place .  but was i ever disappointed .  writer-director daniel lee can't hold a candle to the likes of john woo ,  ringo lam and corey yuen .   this has to be one of the most annoyingly-directed films i have ever seen .  lee is so wrapped up in his visual style - and i use that phrase incredibly loosely - that he fills the film with completely needless black-and-white stills ,  freeze frames ,  slow-motion ,  fast-motion and other visual nonsense .  i suppose he did all that to make up for the lack of a good story or dialogue .   the action scenes are nothing special and play out like some hopped-up music video more than anything else .  there is little to care about any of the characters - including two supposedly professional snipers who couldn't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside !  - who are then laden with some of the cheesiest dialogue i have seen in one of these hong kong actioners .   the plot is devoid of any twists and turns - from the initial set-up ,  everything unfolds in predictable fashion - and lee feels the need to keep reminding us of the characters' back stories in case we didn't get it the first several times .  this is awfully amateurish writing and film-making and wastes the talents of sammo hung ,  michael biehn and maggie q .  though ,  to be frank ,  i am hard-pressed to remember biehn being in any good film that was not directed by james cameron .   if you really are in the mood for a great hong kong actioner ,  you are much better off sticking to some of the staples - john woo's  " the killer "   ( 1989 )  and  " hard-boiled "   ( 1992 )  ,  ringo lam's  " city on fire "   ( 1987 )  - which quentin tarantino stole for  " reservoir dogs "   ( 1992 )  - or his  " point blank "   ( 1967 )  remake ,   " full contact "   ( 1992 )  .  or ,  even check out yuen's  " so close "   ( 2002 )  ,  a supremely entertaining ,  yet preposterous ,  popcorn flick .  and there's always the terrific french police actioner ,   " the nest "   ( 2002 )  .   true ,  most ,  if not all ,  are a bit over-the-top ,  but they were films that remain exciting ,  thrilling and even suspenseful .  they have characters we care about and mind-blowing action sequences .    " dragon heat ,  "  on the other hand ,  is just terribly mediocre .  the trouble is that lee has not made a bad action film ,  he has made a dull one . 
a lot of promise and nothing more .  an all-star cast certainly by hk standards ,  but man oh man is this one a stinker .  no story ?  that's okay ,  the action will make up for it like most hk action flicks .  what ?  the action is terrible ,  corny ,  and sparse ?  dragon dynasty's releases up to this point are by and large superb and generally regarded as classics in asian cinema .  this is a blight .  they managed to wrangle a couple of actors from infernal affairs ,  but they can't bring life to a disjointed script .  there are scenes of dialogue where two or three lines are spoken with a cut in between each and no continuity in what the characters are saying .  you almost feel like they're each giving a running monologue and just ignoring the other characters .  michael biehn is made of wood ,  really ?  sammo hung uses a stunt double ?  no way .  yes way .  stay away . 
ahh this film had so much potential !  a good cast of quality b actors ,  the thighs of jessica simpson and .  .  .  that is about it !   i believe some guy in some unnamed marketing department had an idea .  basically ,  lets do a kind of legally blond film ,  but do it in new york .  that big bright city of chances ,  power and money and where everyone is a heartless ,  power/money hungry person .  let's add to this jessica simpson ,  small town bimbo ,  that brother of owen wilson and for some no apparent reason andy dick  ( only because of him you should ignore this film )  .   basic story line :   boy leaves girl for ny ,  girl follows ,  boy cheats ,  girl stays in ny with cousin ,  gets a job under false pretenses ,  mucks up ,  is courted by other boy  ( brother wilson )  and together save the day and kiss .   a few words come to mind when reflecting upon this film ,  i . e .  dire ,  awful ,  unbearable ,  intolerable and xenophobic  just don't watch this film ,  you will be happier .  one reviewer referred to guantanamo and i definitely agree with him .  this film induces shock .  and i know what you are thinking .  .  .  at least at some point will i see simpson naked or close too .  it's not gonna happen ,  spare yourself the time and youtube her .  you will have better sexy time !   the films editing is flimsy ,  the acting is unbearable ,  and why do they use blue screens ?   in conclusion ;  this is cinematic treason which should be punished to the maximum  another question why does willie nelson always play a kind of father figure in almost every jessica simpson flick and why are there no black ,  latin ,  asian or european people in this movie ? 
blazing saddles !  it's a fight between two estranged brothers  ( dennis quaid and arliss howard )  ,  both of whom can ignite fires mentally ;  they square off over childhood differences ,  with dippy love-interest debra winger caught in the middle .  director glenn gordon caron  ( the tv whiz-kid behind  " moonlighting "  )  smothers the darkly-textured comedy in vince gilligan's screenplay with a presentation so slick ,  the movie resembles an entry from an over-enthusiastic film student on a fifteen million-dollar grant .  it has the prickly energy of a big commercial feature ,  but a shapeless style which brings out nothing from the characters except their kooky eccentricities .  these aren't even characters ,  they're plot functions .  barely-released to theaters ,  the film is a disaster ,  although strictly as an example of style over substance it does look good .  winger is the only stand-out in a cast which looks truly perplexed .  *1/2 from ****
 ( first of all ,  excuse my bad english )  of course only a movie starring jessica simpson can include serious goofs like this .  .  i'm a norwegian and i felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this american/ " norwegian "  movie .  even wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country .   so i'm posting my corrections out of my frustration :  -the country is named norway ,  not norwegia .  - " da "  is russian ,  not norwegian .  -norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -it's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit  ( that we only use like twice a year )  but the outfit in this movie is more like a german outfit .  -i could not understand the so called  " norwegian "  in this movie .  .  jessica was not making any sense .  .  neighter did the  " norwegian priests "   the only thing i recognise is the norwegian flag  ( and the viking hats ,  but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings !  : o gosh )   well .  .  i guess the people who made this film will never read this comment .  but at least i cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration .  .  !   i'm proud of my country and i'd love if people in the us were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country .   that was all .  .  lenge leve norge  !   ; p
i knew this movie wasn't going to be amazing ,  but i thought i would give it a chance .  i am a fan of luke wilson so i thought it had potential .  unfortunately ,  a lot of the movie's dialog was very fake sounding and cheesy .  i think that aquafresh gave some money towards the production of the film because they were seriously dropping some hints throughout .  there is a shot where the aquafresh sign sticks out at you that you can't help but notice it .  maybe they should have focused on writing and acting more than how many times can we drop aquafresh products in the movie without people getting annoyed .  the movie had its moments ,  but i'm glad i didn't spend $9 . 50 to see it in the theater . 
this might be unbelievable ,  but this movie has grossed $878 , 138 in russia !  it's shown in almost all cinema theaters and still running !  well ,  i have no idea why distributors put their eye on this particular uh  " movie "  ,  which had almost no screening around the world .  that's some kind of enigma !  haha !  maybe it was based on the fact that another movie ,   " pledge this "  with paris hilton ,  which was as well released only dvd almost everywhere ,  had major screenings in russia and grossed more than 1mln$ .  besides ,  both movies had a lot of promotion ,  like there were the banners all over the city ,  tv commercials and etc .  speaking about movie ,  i'd say it's dull and absolutely boring .  it could be better ,  really .  even if it has jessica simpson . 
the story goes something like this :  a small-town girl ,  katie  ( jessica simpson )  ,  decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city .  when she arrives she discovers he isn't quite as faithful as he should be .  katie then ends up venturing into the adventure that is new york .  filling in as bike messenger comedic and charming mishaps ensues .  she falls into a hole in the ground and thus meets charismatic good-guy ben  ( luke wilson )  .  it's not love at first sight ,  at least for her ,  but destiny and ben ,  won't give up quite that easy .  being  " just "  a small-town girl and blonde a couple of evil executives at a building firm decides she's the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan .  misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences follow .  however ,  this is one blonde who won't take it lying down !   people being judgmental of this film will soon enough be proved wrong .  the jokes are confident and fitting ,  and the story well developed .  the relationship between katie and ben feels so natural that it puts anything godard has created to shame .  the multi-talented jessica simpson once again surprises with a strong role only she could pull off .  simpson really is the marilyn monroe of our day  ( there's even one scene honoring her !  )  .  she balances perfectly between vulnerable and whimsy .  katie really does show us that you can't judge a book by its cover !  luke wilson is as charming as ever .  even if he was covered in manure that man would be as appealing as anyone .  his light touch ,  puppy dog eyes and laid back manner makes it difficult to resist .  andy dick plays the role he was born to play ,  one of the two diabolical executives .  he really cannot be underestimated .  the strength of the performance lies in his restraint .  it's remarkable ,  because most actors would just run away with it and play it for cheap laughs .  not this guy !    in conclusion ,  director scott marshall has crafted an intelligent and frequently hilarious comedy that is destined to become a classic alongside masterpieces of cinema like epic movie and norbit .  kudos to everyone involved in this ,  especially jessica simpson .  her sincere smile and whole-hearted laughter would make even the toughest man break out in a big grin .  you may be tough ,  but you're not that tough !  warmly recommended to everyone who wants to be swept off their feet and see a romantic comedy that for once ,  feels honest .  thank you for this film !  oh ,  and the soundtrack rocks !    now if you still haven't gotten it .  i'm being sarcastic .  1/10
this movie had all the elements to be a smart ,  sparkling comedy ,  but for some reason it took the dumbass route .  perhaps it didn't really know who its audience was :  but it's hardly a man's movie given the cast and plot ,  yet is too slapstick and dumb-blonde to appeal fully to women .   if you have seen legally blonde and its sequel ,  then this is like the bewilderingly awful sequel .  great actors such as luke wilson should expect better material .  jessica simpson could also have managed so much more .  rachael leigh cook and penelope anne miller languish in supporting roles that are silly rather than amusing .   many things in this movie were paint-by-numbers ,  the various uber-cliché montages ,  the last minute  " misunderstanding "  ,  even the kids' party chaos .  this just suggests lazy scriptwriting .   it should be possible to find this movie enjoyable if you don't take it seriously ,  but it's such a glaring could-do-better than you'll likely feel frustrated and increasingly disappointed as the scenes roll past . 
watching this i mainly noticed the ad placements .  dhl ,  aquawhite strips ,  rockstar and more .  it's one product placement after another .  it's quite obvious how this movie got its funding .  jessica simpson's  " acting "  is laughable .  any dick shouldn't ever get work because he plays the same lame character .  the  " story "  is just a backdrop for this very long commercial .  i can't believe this movie was even considered for theatrical release .  the longer you watch this movie the more you're embarrassed for everyone involved .  the only minor saving grace is larry miller and rachael lee cook ,  who gets almost no screen time as jessica's cousin .  i'm embarrassed i watched the whole thing .  i would recommend avoiding this one . 
this was a silly movie with a predictable storyline and dreadful acting !  !  willy nelson was as stiff as his braids .  the movie just seemed like a very long advert for the bright red lipstick that jessica simpson wore - especially as there were so many close-ups on her face .  the premise was not amusing and as i said - soooooooo predictable .  whatever money was spent on making this movie was a shameful waste .  any allusions to other old marilyn monroe movies did not enhance the viewing of blonde ambition at all .  it was also so unbelievable - jessica simpson being able to step into an executive secretary position at the drop of a hat - that was laughable !  !  ! 
by now you should already know about this film ,  the jessica simpson  " bomb "  that pretty much went straight to video  ( limited ,  anemic theatrical run )  .  basically ,  ms .  simpson's katie travels from a small town in oklahoma to visit her boyfriend ,  to surprise him ,  only to find him in bed with another woman .  she is stranded ,  but has one friend  ( rachel leigh cook ,  whom i wish we saw more often in film )  ,  who lets her stay .  katie ends up getting a job via two conniving co-workers  ( penelope ann miller and the always amusing andy dick )  who are just using katie to get the president of the firm  ( larry miller )  ousted .  this is strictly a b movie ,  its not meant to be profound .  jessica simpson is not a great actress by any means ,  but she is pretty much beautiful and never truly annoying .  the film is watchable in that its not an abomination ,  but its throwaway fluff .  in a cameo ,  penny marshall is funny  ( a subtle in-joke about milwaukee made me chuckle )  ,  and there is a funny scene involving norwegian priests  ( don't read too much into this )  .  so ,  not horrible ,  but easy to skip .  your safe bet is to watch it on television if it ever does .  again ,  not good ,  but not a profound disaster . 
let's see .  in the  " st .  elsewhere "  finale we found out that there was no hospital and that every thing had been in the mind of an autistic child .   " newhart "  ended by telling us that it had all been a dream .  and  " roseanne "  ended by telling us that it all had taken place in her mind .  very  " creative "  .  annoying was more like it .  yes ,  it was just a tv show and wasn't at all reality .  it's just that when you get caught up in a great movie or tv show you end up at least wanting to believe that it's all  " real "  .  at least as far as the reality it portrays on screen .  this type of series finale had been done twice before and was old hat ,  frustrating and simply not fun to watch .  now  " newhart "  being all a dream ?  at least done in a creative way that far exceeded the expectations of anyone who loved the show .  the idea itself was not too engaging but it was so brilliantly done that its arguably the best series finale ever .  roseanne left me feeling cheated after being such a loyal fan . 
this is an embarrassment to everyone and everything used in making this joke .  i personally don't care one way or another about jessica simpson and her talent or whatever so many people find fascinating about her .  just as a movie this is something that wouldn't even get a passing grade in film school .  the script is a mess ,  the acting is atrocious ,  and the fact luke wilson  ( co-writer of  " bottle rocket "  )  did this makes me wonder what the hell he was thinking .  he did  " old school "  for crying out loud !  this doesn't even belong in the same state as my  " old school "  dvd !  please for whatever reason do not watch this !  i see there is a comment that this is so bad it's good ,  but that frankly is too kind .  when will we stop seeing singers that obviously can't act keep trying to ,  i hope ends soon .  the worst part is that there are actually some decent actors  ( penelope ann miller ,  rachel leigh cook ,  & luke wilson )  who are part of this dump .  as far as the plot ,  well it is almost non-existent and so poorly done and written  ( yes i know it's another rehash )  i very much doubt anyone will remember anything about this .  please whatever you do don't waste your time ,  but if you do ,  feel sorry for the actual actors involved for wasting their time doing this bomb .  jessica simpson you're pretty ,  but stick to singing ,  although i'm not much a fan of that either .  and whoever did this film ,  i wouldn't put this on your resume .  1/10 because you can't give a zero . 
who wrote this ?  some guy named john cohen .  i guess this was the first screenplay he's ever worked on .  someone should've told him you're supposed to write dialog that sounds like something someone actually might say .   and who directed this ?  scott marshal ?  son of gerry marshall .  my the nut has fallen far from the tree .  someone might have wanted to let him know that you can ,  in fact ,  shoot a scene in a cab in new york ,  and it will look real ,  and you won't have to fake it with a blue screen for no reason .  might have also wanted to let him know he should stay away from jessica simpson ,  but hopefully he's learned that lesson now .   and jessica simpson .  .  .  naturally she can't act .  hell ,  she makes jessica alba look like audry hepburn ,  and yet she's starring in this movie .  oh wait ,  it was produced by her father .  okay ,  that's why she got the part .  that's really the only reason i can think of .   so should i be surprised it's bad ?  no .  should i be amazed at how bad it is ?  i think a lot of people would if they saw as much of it as i did .  i mean you expect a movie starring jessica simpson to be bad ,  but this .  .  .  it's not just bad ,  it's the complete opposite of a classic film .  think of a great woody allen movie ,  this film is as bad as that film is good .  it's the anti-annie hall .   i am so glad i didn't pay to see it ,  i stopped watching ten minutes in cus i couldn't go on .  no doubt i would've walked out of the theater sooner .  in fact i wonder how many of the 6 people who saw it per theater actually stayed and watched the whole thing .  the film starts out laughably bad ,  and then goes to the point of being so bad it becomes a kind of chinese water torture .  and then ,  around when the first act is ending ,  you realize it'll only get worse ,  and that's when you either need to leave ,  or kill yourself .   in conclusion ,  this film goes under the category of being so bad it should be used in place of water boarding at guantanamo bay .  although some prefer the water boarding . 
this is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen .  jessica simpson not only lacks any acting skill ,  but the script is incredibly shallow and lame .  you actually hear serious dialogue that goes ,   " i love you more .  "   " no ,  i love you more .  "  i stopped watching the movie  ( online )  after the first half hour ,  i couldn't take it anymore .  her  " southern girl charm "  just doesn't work and is really quite annoying ;  her attempts at slapstick humor fall flat and she delivers lines like she is reading the script right off the page .   poor luke wilson .  did he not read the script before agreeing to do this ,  or did he fall for papa joe's  ( jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie )  promise of big profits ?  hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this .  luke wilson is actually a good actor - i hate seeing the pained look on his face as he suffers through the bad dialogue .   also ,  i think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow or hired by papa joe to give the movie a better rating .  no one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging .   jessica has lots of money ,  right ?  maybe buy some acting lessons ? 
-=contains spoiler from both original and movie versions=-  i am a huge fan of notre dame de paris musical , i also read book this summer and i watched movie today , in the beginning i was hopeful to watch a good film especially when i saw 6 . 3 imdb point . first scenes were good but i actually waited for , theaters scene directly from book , but it was normal but when esmeralda kisses gringoire i felt something is wrong .  . they don't even kiss in book , even in musical .  .   and there were huge gap why esmeralda being judged by sorcerer , in the book she teaches her goat how to respond numbers of clock or write word  " phoebus "  .  .  wait there were a phoebus weren't there ?  in this movie he is some soldier junk nothing more , the creators made quasimodo's love to show around and they even canceled frollo's love .  . but notre dame was frollo .  his thoughts his struggles between love of god and love of human in movie we cant find anything like that all we have is , some villain who is really bad and kills people whose clashes with his thoughts .  . and not mentioning phoebus , not mentioning love of frollo , not mentioning jehan  ( brother of frollo )  not mentioning mother of esmeralda  ( maybe it is ok , the storyline would have chopped much ) they even not mentioned the real story .  .   ( another ps : frollo wasn't a opus dei or some cult member he actually in interest with alchemy he tries to make gold .  . he was stuck in science and religion )   finally don't watch this movie , it is some kind of directors edition to real masterpiece , and if you have watched it before read the book , god have mercy on you .  . you must read to book immediately .  .   this movie is worse than hunchback of notre dame ii the animated movie , spend your time with watching notre dame de paris musical .  .  enough said .  . 
this is very much a television version of the tale ,  the film starts out like an episode of 'xena .  .  . ' ,  with little meaningful dialog or character description .  it does get a bit more substantive after a while ,  but all characters are still cartoonish .    salma is the exotic beauty .  richard harris is an evil and sexually repressed frollo ,  fiending to bust a nut up in salma .  the other characters ,  including quasimodo are quite forgettable .    its also a sorta liberal version of the story ,  frollo is a suppressor of enlightenment ideals ,  like the abbot in 'name of the rose' ,  and quasimodo is a champion of liberty .  the shadowy side of the quas character is ignored ,  though he does pour liquid led on people .  he is really only an outsider in that he looks different and enjoys playing with bells more than the average person .    perhaps the film is intended for children ,  but i doubt it ,  considering frollo flogs himself bloody to amend wanting to spank his monkey .  a mostly uninteresting and forgettable ,  but not awful ,  and sometimes entertaining ,  rendition of the tale . 
what a shame that alan clarke has to be associated with this tripe .  that doesn't rule it out however ;  get a group of lads and some stellas together and have a whale of a time running this one again and again and rolling around on the floor in tears of laughter .  great wasted night stuff .  al hunter homes in on a well publicised theme of the late 80s- that hooligans were well organised and not really interested in the football itself- often with respectable jobs  ( estate agent ?  ?  ?  )  .  but how clarke can convince us that any of the two-bit actors straying from other tv productions of low quality  ( grange hill )  or soon to go on to poor quality drama  ( eastenders )  can for a nanosecond make us believe that they are tough football thugs is laughable .  are we really to believe that the icf  ( on whom of course the drama is based )  would ever go to another town to fight with just six blokes ?   the icf would crowd out tube stations and the like with hundreds .  andy nicholls' scally needs to be read before even contemplating a story of this nature .  the acting is appalling and provides most of the laughs- oldman is so camp it is unbelievable .  most of them look as though they should be in a bubble of bath of mr matey .  a true inspiration to anyone with a digital video camera who thinks they can make a flick- go for it . 
i'm sorry ,  but this is such a bad movie it's hilarious .  football hooligans arguing in a travel lodge ?  suits ?  shades ?  !  alan clearly had no idea what he was talking about when he made this ,  it is as far from the truth as you can get .   the casting was atrocious .  .  . gary oldman as a football hooligan ?  he doesn't look scary ,  act scary or even come across as someone who would like football .  and as for yeti ?  what the hell ?  suits ,  shades and sitting in a travelodge childishly taunting each other with  " its about time you got your nappy on "  .  please .   and the yeti's gang spraying the icc's underwear ?    i don't see how anyone can even take this film seriously !  .   4/10 .  its possibly the most inaccurate portrayal of the crisis of the late eighties hooliganism i have ever seen . 
alan rudolph is a so-so director ,  without that special touch .  as an example ,  there was one shot in the secret lives of dentists in the dental office which could have expressed the entire relationship between the husband and wife .  rudolph squandered it .  the camera is in the hallway looking through the doorways of the two dental offices ,  with dana and dave each alone in their respective rooms .  you get the idea of their desolation and isolation ,  but not much more .  the lighting ,  the colors ,  the body language ,  the facial expressions could all have been vastly improved upon .  if i were directing ,  i would have spent all day ,  if necessary ,  to get that shot right .  that's the beauty and power of film :  it can express so much ,  whole lives ,  in a matter of seconds  the shot with the toddler stepping in the puddle of puke could have been improved on .  the child should have shown more fascination with the puddle ,  should have stomped and shuffled her feet ,  should have had her head bent down to look at the puddle with all her attention .    campbell didn't deliver .  he plays a uncommunicative man ,  true ,  but instead of conveying his inner turmoil in voice ,  gesture ,  body movement ,  the film relies on voice-over narration and dialogue with his imaginary macho alter-ego ,  played by denis leary . 
an idiotic dentist finds out that his wife has been unfaithful .  so ,  no new story lines here .  however ,  the authors managed to create a stupid ,  disgusting film .  if you enjoy watching kids vomiting ,  or seeing a dentist imagining that he is pulling all his wife's teeth out in a bloody horror-type ,  go see  ( or rent )  the film .  if not ,  move on to something else  ( my fair lady ,  anyone ?  ) 
i heard about this film and knew it wasn't real good .  but i started watching the film  ( on my film-channel ) and was interested .  this could be a really great ,  darkly black satire on todays morals in media .  the small featurettes on every contestent were good .  it build up to something i wouldn't wanna miss .  but when the so called show starts everything becomes implausible ,  cheap and rather silly .  here's where the writer should have added something that would make people think .  but instead it's wrapped up and assuming people are this dumb .   the ending is so bad i give it a 1 .  even if the film starts of promising . 
it's common practice for a film about repression to be somewhat muted in style and tone .  there's a difference ,  however ,  between using restraint and encouraging narcolepsy among audience members .  in  " the secret lives of dentists ,  "  starring campbell scott and hope davis ,  director alan rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible ,  with the result being a film that never amounts to much beyond a rumination on how teeth are a metaphor for married life .   scott gives a fine performance in the role of david hurst ,  a dentist married to another dentist  ( davis )  .  rudolph sets up the dynamic of their relationship quickly - he is completely absorbed in the day-to-day duties of being the parenthood ,  she is quietly disillusioned with their frantic family life - and then ratchets up the tension when scott may or may not witness his wife with another man .  from this point on ,  the film focuses on whether or not david is going to confront his wife dana about her possible adultery ,  or whether she will beat him to the punch and leave for good .  from time to time ,  david is treated to visits from an imaginary  " friend "  in the form of a former patient played by denis leary  ( borrowing heavily from brad pitt's tyler durden in  " fight club "  )  .   while there is enough uncertainty about dana's infidelity and david's instability to warrant examination ,  the last two thirds of the film are embarrassingly empty of theme or narrative .  instead ,  rudolph creates drama out of a nasty fever that travels slowly through the hurst family ,  culminating in a pointless hospital visit at the film's climax .  the film never picks up on the hints at what david is really capable of if he wasn't so dedicated to his family ;  neither does it spend much time looking at dana's precarious balancing act between her family life and her other ,  more fulfilling ambitions .   by choosing to spend the majority of the film worrying over a fever gone awry ,  rudolph kills the momentum of his film .  by the time the fifth member of the family shows up sweating and sickly ,  the film has used up all the good graces of scott's well-measured performance .  david and dana end up retracing their steps over and over again until a less than cathartic finale .  with nothing to build on over the last hour ,  the conclusion seems awkward and patched-on .   " the secret lives of dentists "  takes a common theme and does nothing to improve upon it .  altogether ,  a disappointing ,  unimaginative film . 
yeh ,  i know -- you're quivering with excitement .  well ,  *the secret lives of dentists* will not upset your expectations :  it's solidly made but essentially unimaginative ,  truthful but dull .  it concerns the story of a married couple who happen to be dentists and who share the same practice  ( already a recipe for trouble :  if it wasn't for our separate work-lives ,  we'd all ditch our spouses out of sheer irritation )  .  campbell scott ,  whose mustache and demeanor don't recall everyman so much as ned flanders from *the simpsons* ,  is the mild-mannered ,  uber-dad husband ,  and hope davis is the bored-stiff housewife who channels her frustrations into amateur opera .  one night ,  as dad & the daughters attend one of davis' performances ,  he discovers that his wife is channeling her frustrations into more than just singing :  he witnesses his wife kissing and flirting with the director of opera .   ( one nice touch :  we never see the opera-director's face .  )  dreading the prospect of instituting the proceedings for separation ,  divorce ,  and custody hearings -- profitable only to the lawyers -- scott chooses to pretend ignorance of his wife's indiscretions .   already ,  the literate among you are starting to yawn :  ho-hum ,  another story about the pathetic ,  sniveling little cuckold .  but rudolph ,  who took the story from a jane smiley novella ,  hopes that the wellworn-ness of the material will be compensated for by a series of flashy ,  postmodern touches .  for instance ,  one of scott's belligerent patients  ( denis leary ,  kept relatively -- and blessedly -- in check )  will later become a sort of construction of the dentist's imagination ,  emerging as a devil-on-the-shoulder advocate for the old-fashioned masculine virtues  (  " dump the b---h !  "  ,  etc .  )  .  when not egged-on by his imaginary new buddy ,  scott is otherwise tormented by fantasies that include his wife engaged in a three-way with two of the male dental-assistants who work in their practice .  it's not going too far to say that this movie is *eyes wide shut* for real people  ( or grown-ups ,  at least )  .  along those lines ,  campbell scott and hope davis are certainly recognizable human beings as compared to the glamourpuss pair of cruise and kidman .  further ,  the script for *secret lives* is clearly more relevant than kubrick's .  as proof ,  i offer the depiction of the dentists' children ,  particularly the youngest one who is about 3 or 4 years old ,  and whose main utterance is  " dad !  dad !  dad !  dad !  dad !  dad !  !  !  "  this is family life ,  all right ,  with all its charms .   the movie would make an interesting double-bill with *kramer vs .  kramer* ,  as well .  one can easily trace the feminization of the american male from 1979 to 2003 .  in this movie ,  dad is the housewife as in *kramer* ,  but he is in no way flustered by the domestic role ,  unlike dustin hoffman ,  who was too manly to make toast .  here ,  scott gets all the plumb chores ,  such as wiping up the children's vomit ,  cooking ,  cleaning ,  taking the kids to whatever inane after-school activity is on the docket .  and all without complaint .   ( and without directorial commentary .  it's just taken for granted .  )   the film has virtues ,  mostly having to do with verisimilitude .  however ,  it's dragged down from greatness by its insistence on trendy distractions ,  which culminate in a long scene where a horrible five-day stomach flu makes the rounds in the household .  we must endure pointless fantasy sequences ,  initiated by the imaginary ringleader leary .  whose existence ,  by the way ,  is finally reminiscent of the brad pitt character in *fight club* .  and this finally drives home the film's other big flaw :  lack of originality .  in this review ,  i realize it's been far too easy to reference many other films .  granted ,  this film is an improvement on most of them ,  but still .  *the secret lives of dentists* is worth seeing ,  but don't get too excited about it .   ( not that you were all that excited ,  anyway .  i guess .  ) 
there may something poetically right in seeing dentists suffer .  suffer they do ,  in this dreary ,  truly dreadful film ,  but they cause the audience to undergo pain of the non-dental variety too .  if you ever wanted to see a movie full of screaming kids ,  barfing kids ,  sick kids ,  lots of long ,  long meaningful glances ,  a deadpan wife and a concerned husband :  it's all here for you .  boring ,  overlong ,  it stands out as one of those examples that scream out :  why ?  is there a saving grace ?  yes ,  there is .  there is a short scene from nabucco ,  with some pretty good singing .  save your money ,  or if it's on tv or cable ,  save your time .  you can always read a book or make an omelette . 
i tend to like character-driven films .  i also think hope davis turns in consistently good work ,  so i had high hopes for this movie .  those hopes were soon dashed .   the main flaw with this movie is the direction .  there are a lot of scenes that are daydream sequences .  the movie makes frequent use of the denis leary character as the alter ego of the campbell scott character .  it doesn't work for me at all .  this would have worked better as a play than a movie .   there are problems with the plot as well .  it is important that the characters in a movie take a journey and end up in a place different from where they started .  i didn't feel that the characters grew in the experiences portrayed in the movie .   finally ,  the editing wasn't well done ,  either .  there was a very big sag in the middle of the movie that was exceptionally boring .   except for acting ,  which i felt was consistently strong ,  this movie failed in almost every aspect of cinema . 
basically ,  a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity .  the premise is interesting ,  the acting is good ,  and the music ,  although sometimes abrupt and without direction ,  is pretty cool .   the problem is the plot .  the husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show  ( she has a minor role )  and then walks back in to give her something ,  but sees her with another man .  the rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode ,  his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego  ( denis leary ,  a former patient of his )  and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to  " do something about it .  "  i won't tell you the ending ,  but let me say that the film goes nowhere and the ending is like a sputtering whimper .  the motivations of the characters are missing :  why is she cheating on him ?  he's a dentist ,  decent looking ,  good father .  the film doesn't say .  who's she doing it with ?  don't expect any answers on that either .  why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this ?  who knows .  what purpose does all the kids vomiting serve ?  where is this film going ?  good performances by campbell scott and hope davis  ( and denis leary as comic relief ) are completely wasted by this stilted nonsense which doesn't know if it wants to be american beauty or a family film .  a root canal is more interesting .  avoid it . 
ugh !  where to begin  .  .  .  first ,  campbell scott's non-stop angst becomes a real turn-off after awhile  ( a very short while )  as he internalizes his mounting anguish ,  curiosity and anger .  only we don't care !  these characters as presented by the writer and director are wholly unlikable ,  and therein lies the key .  they haven't given us anything to make us care if they are adulterous and whether or not they are still in love with one another .  when scott quietly tells his wife ,   " i could kill you "  before their three daughters at the dinner table ,  after the shock of his selfishly poor timing wore off i almost wished that he had--and then done the same thing to the smug ,  wisecracking apparition of denis leary before being hauled off the the looney bin .  an utter waste of time and perhaps--only perhaps--resources . 
this movie was not very entertaining ,  certainly no where as original or as good as a christmas story .  the characters  ( except the youngest )  try to emulate the preceding actors ,  and they fail .  the hillbilly neighbors come out of nowhere as they weren't a part of the first movie .  this really sucked ,  might have been good with the original cast ,  then again maybe not because the story is so weak .  skip it . 
a christmas story is a holiday classic and my favorite movie .  so naturally ,  i was elated when this movie came out in 1994 .  i saw it opening day and was prepared to enjoy myself .  i came away revolted and digusted .  the anticipation that rang true in a christmas story is curiously missing from this mess .  a red ryder bb gun is better to get than a chinese top . and it is not very funny at all .  charles grodin is good but the buck stops there .  bottom line : 1 star .  don't even bother . 
this is an in-name-only sequel to  " a christmas story ,  "  originally entitled  " a summer story .  "  ralphie narrates his family adventures during the summer when they moved to a small hick-town in the middle of nowhere .  hilarity ,  unfortunately ,  does not ensue .   the original worked because of its irreverent nature and honesty - everyone could relate to it .  this one is simply stupid and not very funny at all .  charles grodin's last movie - no wonder !  it's one of his poorest roles .  i felt sorry for him .   mary steenburgen is given little to do ,  everything's formulaic ,  and you have to wonder why they even bothered .   and i mean ,  come on - a competition with spinning tops ?  !  sadly ,  it's the best part of the movie .  .  . 
really bad .  why anyone thinks this is a good film let alone funny is a true mystery .  i like comedies as much as the next man and i loved  " a christmas story .  "  the fact that it has the same director and was based on the same writer's memoirs has me completely puzzled as to why this film is such a complete failure on every level .  charles grodin is woefully miscast as the father for starters .  for another it does not seem to have the same pacing -- it just doesn't flow well .  everything seems tired and forced .  the joy of life that permeated the first film is completely absent here -- you just want the movie to end .  i wouldn't even recommend this movie for curiosity-seekers who enjoyed  " a christmas story .  "  it's that bad .  1/10 . 
i really don't understand all these positive user reviews .  this movie is the worst movie i've ever seen and i'm not trying to be pessimistic .   eva mendez is hot but terrible in this film .  but i don't think it is her own fault but the directors .  he have somehow managed to make everything look artificial ;  their acting ,  the idea ,  the make-up ,  everything .   the star i'm giving is only for the idea behind the movie ,  which was very bad executed .   don't watch this bullshit ,  go watch a fellini ,  woody allen or some david lynch . 
funny how a studio thinks it can make a sequel to what was a classic christmas story with an entirely new cast and expect it to float .  sure they used various actors for batman ,  but in that instance batman was a classic character before any of the actor donned his cape .  in this instance you had a classic character in the blond headed horn rimmed glasses wearing ralphy that wanted a red ryder bb gun for christmas .  .  .  somehow we are supposed to forget him and accept another little boy that share no resemblance to the original .  .  .  if i had not known it was a sequel i wouldn't have guessed it from the cast .  .  .  except of course charles grodin tries so hard to imitate darrin mcgavin that your are constantly reminded that the original was far better .  .  .   in the end it might have work if they had cast the movie better .  they should have looked for look a likes or simply ignored the original and not tried to copy its look and feel .  this one is just a cheap imitation .  the ralphy evokes no sympathy just a desire to seem his character shoot his eye out or die . 
since its release in 1983 ,   " a christmas story "  ,  the jean shepherd-narrated story of his alter-ego ,  ralphie ,  has become a true classic .   " my summer story "  ,  however ,  still has shepherd as the narrator ,  but it has absolutely none of the charm ,  and the characters are nowhere near the caliber of the original film .    " my summer story "  is basically a mishmash of mediocre and just plain not very interesting stories ,  which include hillbilly neighbors and battling tops .  charles grodin ,  who i normally like ,  is extremely unlikeable in the role of the father  ( more aptly handled by darren mcgavin in the original )  ,  and his character never seems anything but forced .  kiernan culkin is a poor substitute for ralphie ,  and the little brother is all but forgotten here .  only mom seems to have any worth here and perhaps that's because she beans a cinema manager with a gravy boat when he pushes his luck too far with irate housewives on  " free dish night "  .   the stories in this are mostly inconsequential and stretched paper-thin .  may appeal to the extremely undemanding but as a sequel to  " a christmas story "  ,  it's a very poor one and not worth most people's time .  2 out of 10 . 
 " a christmas story "  is one of many people's all-time most beloved films .  acs was able to take the viewer to a time and a place in such a way that very few films ever have .  it had a sweetness and goodwill to it that is rare .   so i awaited  ( and awaited )  its sequel ,   " it runs in the family "   .  the film was almost released a couple of times ,  only to be pulled at the last minute .  when it finally came out ,  iritf was  ( and is ,  i guess )  a total failure .   the sets and cinematography were just fine ,  but the directing totally ,  completely missed the mark .  the film was nothing more than a cash-flow formula of lazy casting ,  lazy writing ,  and disconnected acting .   the narrator ,  jean shepard ,  who was one of america's great humorists and story-tellers ,  forced upon us a false reprise of the warm wit he used in acs .  he over-emoted ,  and why he did that i'll never know .  he somehow managed to become an annoying ,  overwrought parody of himself .   the writing and acting in iritf is inauthentic and forced .  the actors may have seen acs ,  but whatever wit and nuance that was in acs mustn't have registered at all on any of them .  the acting was embarrassingly slapstick and bereft of any of shepard's dry humor .   acs will always be a real treasure ,  but to call iritf a sequel is to insult all of the fans of jean shepard and acs . 
like most people i love  " a christmas story "  .  i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason--it is awful .  same locale ,  same narrator ,  same director but the warm fuzziness of the original was lacking .  charles grodin was a poor choice to replace darrin mcgavin but i cannot imagine anyone being able to replace him .  the story seems forced and lacks the sweetness of the original .  the interaction with the neighbors ,  the bumpuses ,  is ridiculous .  in  " a christmas story "  ralphie's obsession with the bb gun seems cute but his obsession in this movie is boring .  scud farkus ,  the original neighborhood bully ,  is replaced in this film by yet another kid with braces and a weird hat but with little of the scud farkus menacing appeal .  it would be pretty difficult to equal the original ,  even if this movie had been made with the original crew . 
et's obsession with dannielynn smith is despicable .  leave the child alone .  with all the constant attention she'll most likely grow up psychotic ,  depressed or worse .  think of princess diana and how she longed for privacy .  now poor little rich girl ashley olson just wants to be left alone .  no wonder greta garbo became a recluse and said  " i want to be alone "  .  how much does et make off this little girl ?  does et not have anything better to report on ?  i bet there's lots of people who really don't care what color her birthday cake and balloons were .  by the way ,  i never heard that anna nichole ever won any of those court cases over the will and her inheritance .  who is paying for the lifestyle of larry ,  howard and little dannielynn ?  could it be et ? 
this show is unbelievable in that  .   .   .  what it represents and what it focuses on and  .   .   .  words cannot describe how insane et is .  they will report anything .  if a celebrity is even remotely indirectly connected to the story et will report on it .  if a dog poop in the tom cruise's yard they will report on it .  if a celebrity dies  .   .   .  they will talk about it for weeks on end to the point where the public envy that celebrity .  if a celebrity is on trial  .   .   .  et will report it for months on end .  there is no end to what this show will reports and no time frame that dictates how long they will focus on a story .  is it even considered legitimates reporting ?  the reports are so dang annoying too ,  with harsh rambling voices and end with an unnecessary pause to convey a sense of important .  i cannot watch this show without questioning humanity's existence .  et is one big reason i avoid pre-evening shows in general .  i regret that imdb can only allow a minimum of one star rating and not zero or even in the negatives .  for this show deserve -10 stars . 
entertainment tonight has been going down hill for the last few years ,  but as of last night  ( aug 17th 2006 )  they reached a new low .   in an effort to try to hype up their broadcast ,  they decided to post actual photos of jonbenet ramsey's body in their teasers last night  .  .  . saying  " pictures from the case you have never seen before "  .  the two photos were graphic and very disturbing .  one was of the side of her face and head/neck and you could clearly see the cord that was used to strangle her around her neck ,  and bruising on her face .  this was so hideously awful ,  i could not believe it .  how has this got to do with anything remotely related to hollywood entertainment ?  ?  nothing !  !  they have dropped their level of dignity and values to a new low .  .  .  . and it shows .  this used to be the premiere show to watch .  .  . and it's just garbage now .   i will watch access hollywood from now on . 
apparently none of the previous reviewers , most of whom praise the film for its accuracy ,  have actually read a biography of louis pasteur . the most glaring inaccuracy is in the relationship between pasteur and napoleon iii . back in the 1930's the latter was invariably shown in a bad light . while far from an admirable character-he was an inept politician and a self-appointed  " military genius "  who allowed france to be dragged into a disastrous war , he was not the stupid reactionary depicted here .  he had an intelligent interest in science , and like many other people in the 19th century saw a bright future because of the improvements it would bring . far from exiling pasteur ,  he was his patron , building him a laboratory and providing him with all the resources that he needed for his research . while the lab was under construction ,  pasteur became gravely ill . a bureaucrat ,  deciding it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead ,  ordered work halted on his own authority . when the emperor heard about this ,  his outrage shook the bureaucracy so that there was a flurry of buck-passing ,  and work promptly resumed . the emperor personally visited pasteur to comfort him and reassure him that he would get his lab . the emperor would often bring members of his court to admire pasteur's projects , and it was obvious to everyone that pasteur was one of the emperor's favorites . pasteur's main worry concerning the emperor was that napoleon thought pasteur was virtually a miracle worker who could do almost anything ,  and was constantly assigning him tasks outside of his previous experience . pasteur ,  a very modest man ,  was always protesting this ,  but napoleon would say that he had complete faith in him , and pasteur despite his misgivings ,  always came through . they always had a close and friendly relationship , and after the emperor was overthrown ,  pasteur refused to say a bad word about him , grateful to the end of his life .   the part about his daughter having the baby ,  and pasteur sacrificing his principles to get a doctor ,  never happened . the part about the anthrax and rabies ,  for which he was famous ,  is generally correct ,  but the notion that the anthrax experiment raised him from obscurity to fame is false . he was famous and respected at the time this happened . this movie is ok from a dramatic standpoint , but very distorted as biography . 
another vast conspiracy movie that tries to blame the us government and the armed forces  ( especially the army )  for every disaster since the great flood .  anyone who has ever served time in the us military can see how bogus this film is .  uniforms ,  equipment ,  sets ,  and mannerisms are all wrong .   ( and of course ,  all senior officers are either corrupt criminals or total idiots .  )  blatant propaganda with no attempt at objectivity .  most of the theories presented have been disproven over the past few years .  uses every cliche' ,  rumor ,  and urban legend from the gulf-all are presented as gospel .   ( the truth is ,  no one knows for sure why some gw vets are sick and others are healthy as horses .  )  ps this is not new .  war is not fun and i know wwii ,  korean ,  and viet nam vets with some pretty serious ailments ,  too .   ( and the government has the responsibility to take care of all of them .  )  sensationalistic movies like this will not solve the problem ! 
what this movie fails from answering is how wrong this war is  ( and most us wars recently made only to get some oil )  .   how many innocent civilian casualties there has been ,  how many lives perished and how blatantly stupid the perpetrators are .   so ,  let me ask you - if american soldier kills women and children apart from enemy ,  its ok ,  but if government accidentally kills their own forces by deadly chemicals while killing many civilians as well ,  it is not ?  your logic fails ,  gentleman .   i'll give it 5 for the solid performance and 1 to everything else ,  3 in total . 
the thumb idea isn't such a winner the second time round .  thumbtanic wasn't as good as thumb wars for a number of reasons .  primarily ,  i think ,  mr oedekerk had far less to work with in the titanic send-up .  unlike star wars ,  the movie titanic hasn't  ( yet ?  )  become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience .   in thumbtanic ,  the holes are filled by one-off jokes which don't really seem related to anything .  for example ,  the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the  " jump off end of ship "  scene - it's not funny .  rather ,  you just think to yourself ,   " did i miss something in the original movie ?  "  .  there were too many of these type of baseless jokes  ( cf .  arachnid )  .   by contrast ,  the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny .  also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go  " faster "  as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be  " faster "  including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die .  these sort of jokes meant something in the titanic context and lent meaningful humour to thumbtanic .   the thumb  " media "  ,  the faces and the voices ,  are still amusing .  the props and sets and the cg animation are worthy of appreciation .  overall ,  although thumbtanic proves that quirkiness alone won't work ,  this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end . 
live !  yes ,  but not kicking .   true story :  some time ago ,  a dutch tv station made an announcement that they were going to air a new reality show .  a contest rather .  the main participant in this show would be a woman who was dying of something terrible and she would be donating her kidneys to one lucky person with progressive kidney failure .  for real .   the country and the international media were all over this story like flies on a turd ,  saying it was appalling ,  immoral ,  what-is-this-world-coming-to ,  and the like .  in a way ,  i had to agree .   as the months passed ,  the tension built up to a degree that the government was mostly occupied by the issue of whether they should let this show go ahead or not ,  instead of running the country .   the show did air and right up to the last moment they were pushing ahead .  and up to the last moment the country was up in arms ,  the prime minister making speeches ,  every newspaper writing about it ,  everyone in the country holding their breaths .  and the network pushed on .  towards a new frontier in television .  and they definitely succeeded in doing just that .  they pushed the envelope .   the show aired and we all watched a terminally ill woman selecting the right candidate to receive her kidneys so he or she would live ,  whilst she would die shortly after .   and then ,  in the last moments of the show it was revealed that it was a partial hoax .  the woman was not ill ,  but all the candidates were .  there was no kidney auction .  the whole show ,  that ,  with the publicity and the commercials and all the discussions ,  built up for months to a fantastic climax ,  was a publicity stunt to focus attention on the problem of major shortages in organ donors .  the man who founded this particular network himself died of kidney disease .   now this is television .  leaving everybody far behind in amazement .   don't give me a poorly acted ,  poorly directed flick about some woman trying to get a russian roulette show on american tv .   as if .   *spoiler* as if i'm going to believe they would get this through the fcc .  as if i'm going to believe this would get through the us supreme court on the basis of free expression .  as if i'm gonna believe the ridiculous ending where this woman pulled it off and has conscience issues because some guy shot himself on air .   it's all been done before .  watch running man with arnold instead .  at least it had a semi good ending .   *spoiler* this is an appallingly bad piece of film ,  together with a ridiculous ending .  so she gets shot in the end ,  is that supposed to make us movie going public feel better after we leave the theater because there was some kind of justice ?  don't take my word for it ,  but i would say this :  leave this one alone and watch a test pattern instead ,  you'll get more quality . 
i watched this on a whim because it was available and i'd heard the thumb movies were funny .  this one was not .  the majority of the jokes were based around  " geranium's "  physique and ,  in turn ,  kate winslet's .  i think it's really pathetic of the the  " thumbtanic "  creators to stoop so low to make jabs at a respected actress just because she  ( heaven forbid )  doesn't starve herself into the model of ideal modern beauty .   my favorite part was the line that goes something like ,   " hey ,  i have a great idea !  let's swim over to this makeshift raft that no one else seems to see !  "  thirty seconds of amusement out of a 26 minute movie does not redeem its value . 
i saw chan is missing when it first came out ,  about four years after moving from san francisco to new york .  maybe it was the perspective of a few years away ,  but this movie seemed to capture the essence of the city and its people better than anything else i'd ever seen  ( still does )  .  it concentrates on one particular community - the chinese - but that's fine ,  because so much of the city's soul is refracted through the settings ,  the faces ,  and the maybe above all the voices of the characters .   this isn't the tourists' san francisco .  the settings are humble and everyday :  a taxi cab ,  the kitchen of a chinese restaurant ,  richmond district row houses ,  little chinatown apartments and small-business offices ,  the piers ,  a philippine elder center .  this is what the city looks and feels like day to day to the people who live there - even now ,  in the era of silicon gulch urban redevelopment .  unlike ,  say ,  dirty harry  ( in its own way an excellent san francisco movie as well )  ,  everything is filmed at street level :  we come to understand the characters' points of view from the perspective their surroundings give them ,  not from some fancy vertiginous shooting .   wang apparently filmed in b&w because he didn't have the money to do otherwise ,  yet one of the strongest visual elements of the movie is the natural light he achieves .  the often harsh ,  pervasive quality of the sunlight is one of my closest associations with san francisco :  it seems to expose everything ,  bringing the buildings ,  the hills ,  the other landmarks down in scale and ,  in a funny way ,  making the people you pass on the streets seem more individual and potentially closer to you than they might in another place .  wang's photography perfectly conveys this ,  and even helps the story along at points .   wang captures the speech and conversational style of chinese and other san franciscans better than anyone ever has ,  i think .  if there's such thing as a true san francisco  " accent ,  "  it's what you hear from the balding taxi medallion broker  ( i think )  who appears talking on the phone in one scene  ( listen to the way he calls the person on the other end  " ya dingaling !  "  )  .   the story is poignant and ,  despite a few very small missteps ,  makes its points beautifully about the longings that pull at the hearts of people living in old immigrant communities - including the justified political and ethnic resentments ,  and little ironic amusements ,  that help to fuel them .  all this is communicated delicately - perhaps why some respondents here think the film meanders .  it doesn't - suffice it to say that the two cab drivers' quest for chan becomes a quest for something more personal .   chan is missing finishes up with a chinatown travelogue sequence backed by a goofy novelty song from the 1930s  ( i guess )  about san francisco and all its crazy diversity .  an american caricature ,  yes ,  but somehow not entirely off the mark either . 
what a wasted opportunity to actually make an interesting film about a complicated subject .  there is very little exploration about what it really feels like to be a straight  ( or gay )  man working in a gay sexual environment . the dancers keep talking about their art as if it has no erotic component .  they may not all be prostitutes for hire ,  but they are indeed sex workers playing out fantasies and selling private sessions where more than dancing is offered .  from the film one would get the impression that they mainly appeal to the women who go to the gay clubs and then end up hiring the  " dancers "  for private sessions .  even the shots in the club only show women in front of the stage and the  " dancers "  only playing to the women in the audience .  this just isn't the reality of these clubs .  it would be pretty hard to make a living doing private dances for straight women and couples .  so what do they really feel about their gay admirers and clients ?  we learn very little .  instead we get filler .  a gay activist who adds nothing to the study of straight dancers .  a manager who tells us about the costumes for the drag acts but offers no insight into the dancers' lives and attitudes .   the pictures of mexico city are generic .  the phallic montage showing sausages roasting is ridiculous .   this is a totally simplistic film which should be of interest only to those who want to see a few pictures of pretty boys dancing .  the rest of the movie is an insult to gay men . 
cedric kahn's films have been character-based ,  rather than action-based  ( i'm thinking of l'ennui and feux rouges )  so it is jarring to see this series of really expert car chases interspersed with some plodding attempts to give character to succo .  i don't find stefano cassetti to be an interesting actor ;  he reminds me of pro athletes who are coaxed into movies ,  like bret favre .  that blank stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights .  a real actor would have forced us to reflect more on succo's personality ,  rather than admiring his skill at carjacking .   the little acting there is comes mainly from isild le besco as the needy schoolgirl succo takes by storm .  the interview at the police office is a marvel of bland obstinacy with a little fear of the future blended in .  le besco apart ,  there is little to recommend this film . 
for a film about a killer this is surprisingly dull .   nothing much happens and even when things do happen they don't generate any real excitement or interest .   the acting is good from the two leads ,  cassetti in particular delivers a great performance combining the certainty and stupidity of succo but the rest of the cast also do what they need to .   the problem is that there is poor writing and direction and the fact that as a true story it isn't interesting ,  succo is not a unique character ,  he isn't interesting or exciting .   films of this sort normally try to generate tension or empathy or outrage and this generates nothing except a feeling of regret that you wasted your time watching it . 
i have seen already fantastic stories ,  but the premises of this one are so unbelievable that it comes very close to being ridiculous .  a rich and young guy undergoes a heart transplant the day after his marriage ,  and he is somehow witnessing his own surgery and the plot of his surgeons to kill him .  even if there is a medical explanation to such a phenomenon what next happens is a mixture of dialog among  .  .  .  say  .  .  .  souls ?   .  .  .  maybe and real life where the dedicated mother will do everything to save the life of her son .  there is no shade of suspense or thrill ,  just a combination of a bad and simplistic plot with a series of coincidences that can never happen in life .   this is not to say that the film is completely lacking quality - actually first time director joby harold does a decent job in directing a good team of actors that includes hayden christensen at his first major role after having taken off the anakin skywalker costume ,  fabulous jessica alba and super-gifted lena olin .  all would have deserved a better story . 
quite unimpressive .  the 'twists' are all pretty predictable ,  if you've seen any movies within the last ten years ,  and the few somewhat interesting parts  ( wherein someone utilizes context clues to make a decision )  are few and lack much punch ,  since the 'secret' has already been shown before these clues are explained .    ( spoilers ,  sorta )   the acting is decent enough .  the story simply isn't very interesting .  the whole 'still awake' premise becomes nullified by the astral projection stuff ( not kidding )  .    the surgery scene is initially tense ,  a bit discomforting ,  but then becomes utterly banal .   not horrible ,  but not memorable .  terrence howard's least interesting role to date ,  so far as i've seen .    kind of boring ,  overall . 
after watching awake , i led to a conclusion : director and screenwriter joby harold made awake with the intention of laughing at the spectator , for the simple fact the movie is full of ridiculous elements . awake has a lot of plot holes and it is full of absurd and ridiculous elements ( for example , the hospital uniform the spirit of the main character uses .  .  . did the ghost of a doctor leave it in the floor  ?  )  . the concept behind this movie is slightly ingenious but all the plot holes and the absurd things make of this a stupid and crappy film . with the exception of the great lena olin , all the actors bring bad performances . hayden christensen has zero expressions and the same applies for jessica alba . the extraordinary actor terrence howard is enormously wasted on his role . awake makes a laugh of the spectator . it's so ridiculous and full of absurd things that it's impossible to take it seriously . my recommendation is : skip this crappy movie . 
hayden christianson and jessica alba two of my least favourite actors of this century team up in what is quite possibly the flattest attempt at remake the already dire the butterfly effect .  awake is so dull and so utterly uninteresting that you'd be better off asleep .  terrance howard still recovering from the diabolical august rush puts up a decent fight as the sadistic doctor who seems hell bent on killing christianson and after viewing his performance i would gladly assists .   alba ,  still recovering after fantastic four rise of the silver surfer .  is naturally disastrous and equally unwatchable as she always was .  only once has she ever been rather brilliant at that was in the safe hands of master director robert rodriguez in sin city .  could it possibly be that jessica alba isn't as poor of an actress as most give her credit for and is is possibly that her acting abilities are being weight down by a poor script .  if so then that would explain awake .  what with a script that would shame that of plan 9 from outer space .   jessica alba ,  hayden christenson ,  and terrence howard star in first-time director/screenwriter joby harold's nerve-jangling psychological thriller about a man who experiences the frighteningly common surgical phenomenon known as  " aesthetic awareness ,  "  in which those laid out on the operating table remain acutely aware of what is going on around them despite remaining completely paralyzed and unable to cry out for help .  when a successful young young man  ( christenson )  goes under the knife and realizes that the anaesthesia hasn't quite done its job ,  the horror quickly sets in as his worried wife  ( alba )  waits anxiously and a terrifying drama unfolds in the operating room .   hoping to do for operating tables what final destination did for planes ,  this first effort from director joby harold pivots on a blood-frosting conceit .  the pre-credits sequence tells us one in 700 people suffers from a phenomenon known as 'anaesthetic awareness' ,  where the patient remains conscious but paralysed during surgery .  one such unfortunate individual is clayton beresford jr  ( hayden christensen )  ,  who finds himself wide awake during a heart transplant .  .  .  and he can feel every single slice .   intermittently inventive as it probes away at his tortured psyche ,  awake fails to inject true terror into its novel premise .  spiralling from chilling simplicity into absurd conspiracy ,  it's hindered by stilted turns from christensen and jessica alba .  you'll wish you'd popped a sedative before watching   verdict :  awake is at very best extremely undemanding .  a pull no punches film that undoubtedly looked better on paper .  as a film though its awfully generic and extremely derived .  awake fails to inject terror into its novel premise .  the end result is really quite lousy .  alba and christian are the very least of your worries as the films main flaw lies in its inability to scare its audience .  awake is a film you'll most likely sleep through . 
i was very surprised to see that this movie had such a good rating ,  when i checked it on imdb after seeing it .  this really is one of the worst movies i have ever seen and i have seen many bad movies .  it looks like a good movie in the beginning ,  but when he comes into surgery i couldn't believe how bad it got .  this voice-over destroys everything !  just imagine you are being cut open like that and then listen to what he says .  i saw the movie in german so i don't really know what he said in english ,  but ironic stuff like  " yeah right ,  it doesn't hurt .  .  "  ?  .  .  . what is this ?  telling yourself  " think about something else "  and then forgetting your pain by just thinking about your girlfriend is just .  .  . stupid .  and his mother .  .  . how the hell does she figure something like that out ?  someone comes to tell her ,  her son died in surgery  ( what she kind of had to expect )  .  plus she found some letters in jessica albas bag .  plus that  " she knows the hospital "  stuff .  .  .  and then it takes her  " one second "  to figure it out ?  what the hell ? ^^ and the ending .  .  . why does the police bust them ?  the patient died in surgery ,  thats all that happened .  that drunk doctor doesn't know anything else either .  .  . and then they bust them all ,  even the girlfriend ?  ?  ?  why ?  ?  ?  despite all that i think christensen did a bad job ,  but that doesn't really count for me .  .  . those mistakes and stupid things i wrote about above are the problem .  i watched this movie with some friends and we all were very disappointed .  .  .  as i said ,  one of the worst movies i have ever seen .  .  .  just don't watch it  ;  ) 
from the beginning this movie did have a few flaws .  the main character played by hayden christensen is a the rich young mogul who has inherited his father's considerable wealth and power ,  and he is struggling to both fill his father's shoes and cut the apron strings mother  ( and co-executive )  keeps too tight .  he also has the problem of having a heart condition and waiting in the limbo that is the organ donor registry .  there are also minor back stories which your first instinct is to mostly ignore that become important later ,  such as his friendship with his surgeon  ( terrence howard )  and his romance with a middle class girl  ( jessica alba )  .  uncreative story lines ,  but not bad enough to ruin the movie .  the only real  " oy vey !  "  moment was the name of lena olin's character .  overbearing woman named lilith .  .  . subtle !   the surgical scenes are not at all censored .  i appreciated that ,  people who find surgery scenes scary might not .  the horror of being awake during anesthesia was done well at first .  you watch in emotional agony as christensen screams inwardly through the chest incision and the rib spreader .  the moment of irony from the trailers then comes where while he is one of the unlucky few to be awake during anesthesia ,  he is also luck in that it helps him learn that his surgical team is planning to murder him .   the big twist ,  however ,  is very predictable and sends the film delving into the conspiracy and his memories of the little signs which were there but he ,  like us ,  initially missed .    there are two more twists at the end involving his relationship with his mother .  one is an impressive gesture by olin ,  which comes of as unimpressive due to poor writing .  the other is a secret about the family's past which seemed very tacked on and pointless .   the initially well done anesthesia awareness drama gets lost in the poorly written conspiracy drama .  there is a one final attempt to bring it back which falls flat ,  taking the entire movie with it . 
i give this film it's props that it is very well made and reasonably well acted .  but i couldn't get past the implausibility of the whole thing .   first and foremost ,  a game built around the notion of  " russian roulette "  that has to fill on hour .  the big problem is that if you are doing a  " live "  show ,  you run the possibility that your first contestant will be the one unlucky enough to draw the  " real "  bullet .  then what do you do ?  you have 50 minutes of show to fill and nothing to show .  the corollary is that okay ,  you get to the end and the first five contestants survive ,  which means number six has the bullet and can't possibly get the payout .  he isn't going to shoot himself at that point ,  so it's kind of anti-climatic .    second problem ,  almost as big .  human nature .  people are going to flinch ,  panic ,  soil their underwear and do things that would otherwise not make very good television .  too much randomness .  that's why  " real "  reality television is actually tightly scripted and even more tightly edited .    ( the only random thing is the  " performance artist's "  rant about female sacrifices ,  which were actually rare historically .  even that was predictable ,  since she went through with shooting herself to no effect .  )    we are led to believe the shows ratings would increase while it was going on at 1 am in the morning  ( unlikely )  with the token asian girl announcing each boost in ratings .   a point on race and sex .  big surprise the movies two minority  ( one gay )  and two female contestants are the ones who survive .  so we are left with the two white males ,  and of course ,  the slightly less likable of them is the one who buys it .  the purpose of such a show would be it's randomness ,  but the guy you like the least is the guy who dies .   the climax is that after spending two hours fighting for televised suicide ,  the eva mendes character  ( mendes produced and starred in this thing ,  so she has no one to blame but herself )  actually grows a conscience when someone dies .  what did she think was going to happen ?  she is promptly shot by a bystander angry about the whole thing  ( motives never explained )  and the show went on to be a big hit .  really ?    the problem with media satire is that it has to either have some grounding in reality or it has to be so over the top to be ludicrous  ( like network )  .  this is neither . 
first of all ,  the big named actors must need the money .  .  .  the surgical scenes were laughable .  .  .  .  and surely they must know that people who have a little knowledge of medicine would find this utterly absurd .  .  .  .  .  . anesthesiologists do not leave the room during a heart transplant .  .  .  . nor do they do the surgery in a tiny room devoid of instruments ,  heart lung equipment and sterile techniques .  .  .  just a joke .  .  .  couldn't concentrate on the story line because of all the stupid surgery scenes .  .  .  no blood ,  no personnel and then the hero doc coming in and taking over .  .  .  it is not a film for thinking adults .  .  .  . also the budget must have been limited .  .  .  the street scenes were ok but who was the technical adviser .  .  .  . seems like it was directed by a total idiot .  .  save your money and wait until it comes out on dvd and don't rent it .  . 
i just saw this movie last night and ,  being someone who had very low expectations to begin with ,  was still disappointed .  the most glaring error in this abomination of a movie is that the main plot point  ( the guy being awake during the surgery )  ,  had nothing to do with the outcome .  it would have ended the same way regardless .  so ,  what was the point of this ?  who knows .  also ,  this surgeon had 4 malpractice suits against him and he didn't think people would ask questions if a patient died on his table ?  give me a break .  jessica alba is completely talentless and christiansen is almost as bad .  the whole thing was just laughable from start to finish .  i'm fairly certain that if you could feel someone cutting through your chest with a scalpel ,  you would be in more pain than that . 
this is the most ludicrous and laughable thriller i've ever seen .  oh .  .  .  . where to start .  .  .  .   plot  ( what little there is )  :  clayton beresford jr .   ( hayden christensen )  ,  a young billionaire ,  with a bad heart is desperately in need of a transplant .  clay has been secretly engaged to his mother's pa ,  samantha ,  played by jessica alba .  on the night that these two secretly get married ,  it just so happens that a heart donor with the same rare blood type is found .  go and figure the odds of that one !  once on the operating table ,  clay finds out the anesthesia isn't working ,  and he can feel everything and hear everything .   fortunately clay seems to be able to filter out the pain of a razor sharp scalpel cutting open his chest by simply concentrating on his memories of samantha ,  which we are told he's doing through an annoying voice-over which never seems to stop .   if you didn't burst out in laughter yet ,  you will surely start to when you see the surgical scenes .    how could a young billionaire agree to have a heart transplant performed by one surgeon ,  one nurse ,  an attending physician and an drunk anesthesiologist ?  there were more people in the room when my wisdom tooth was getting pulled .  not to mention the medical behavior ,  which is too preposterous to be taken seriously .  .  . the operating room isn't even kept sterile .  .  . people are practically able to just walk in and out of the room without even having washed up .  .  .  during the operation the viewer gets to hear clay's thoughts ,  none of which are too fascinating .  ah .  .  . but here's what it's all about  .  .  . the doctors are trying to kill him in order to take his money .  believing him to be unconscious ,  the villains speak freely .  gosh !  what will happen ?    well .  .  .  at least there's no interference from anyone else in the hospital ,  while an incompetent doctor who's got four malpractice lawsuits running against him is performing major heart surgery .  not even clay's overprotective mother seems to be able to check on his status .  the only one interested in keeping updated is samantha .  .  . but oh no .  .  . could sweet sam be in on it .  .  .  . you'll quickly find out through some scooby doo dialog .  .  .   in the end ,  it wouldn't even matter whether or not clay underwent anesthesia awareness ,  because the end would have turned out the same way in both cases .   if you can ignore the feeling that the director/writer is trying to make fun of the patients who fell victim to anesthesia awareness ,  maybe there's some dumb fun to be had .  .  .   enjoy .  .  . 
ok .  so it's a low-budget  " film "   ( i used the quotes because it was shot in hi-8 video )  .  the acting is universally horrid ,  the makeup is laughable  ( the blood looks like it came from sherwin-williams and i've seen more convincing bruises made from halloween ghoul kits )  ,  and the lighting generally looks like they used someone's borrowed toyota pickup to shine headlights on the actors .   i might be able to forgive these low-budget traits if there were some actual content ,  if a movie made an attempt to tell a story .  but this collection of video footage can boast of no plot ,  no real characters ,  and no momentum .  it's a self-indulgent mess .   and don't worry -- no spoilers here ,  'cause there's absolutely nothing to spoil . 
if you want to watch a film that is oddly shot ,  oddly lit ,  weird stories of these men  ( and one woman )  who enjoy beating the crap out of each other ,  if you want to enjoy a story that goes nowhere of these two guys ,  one a boxer and the other a gay man ,  then you should watch this film .   after watching this film ,  i almost felt as badly bruised up and cut up ,  like the director  ( of the film )  himself beat the hell out of me .   this is a movie where one is not meant to watch for plot or for great acting ,  this is a film to gawk at in horror and wonder .  a lot like watching an airplane crash or a train wreck .   if you want to watch a great movie ,  a good movie ,  a  " b "  movie ,  or even a mediocre movie ,  this movie is not it .   a warning to all who watch this film ,  please don't eat beforehand .  you might want to puke by the end of the film . 
i question its importance to queer cinema as it seems to be more about having a homosexual encounter via violent behavior than making any clear statements regarding homosexuality and violence .   three tales are tangled together in a rather sloppy manner .  i found myself trying to untangle the messy narrative in the first 15 minutes ,  that alone didn't sit well with me .  weak plot points were endlessly repeated as though we might not have gotten it the first 10 times .   there was a feeling of padded dialog throughout the film .  more like a 45 minute boy's brief short rather than a fleshed out full-length film .  it had a certain erotic flair ,  male nudity and sex appeal but overall the sum did not equal its parts .   the 1st part :  boxer/stalker storyline was the strongest and yet it too felt like it had been pulled thin .  bob has been following tim for four years and only now is he confronting him ?  i felt as though their cat-mouse game was not developed enough to merit its conclusion .  we needed more information about them and less parking lot/locker scenes with tim relentlessly saying  " what do you want ?  "    the 2nd part :  danny wants his buddy ,  tony ,  to beat him up while he jacks-off .  tony doesn't seem to mind ,  but he doesn't even appear interested in exploring the implications of his homo erotic hobby -- not even after they do it in the nude .  this tale lacks the all-important transition from  " i'm a straight boy smacking my guy friend around for fun "  to  " i think i might be gay and hitting him because i'd like to spread his ass and do him s/m style .  "  a very important thing to leave out .   clearly these stories each could have conveyed their points in half the time .  the 3rd part with the man and woman slapping each other around adds to that thought .  furthermore ,  it was unnecessary and added nothing to the film .  yes ,  the actors did a fine job under the circumstances and the four male leads were very sexy .  the make-up  ( bruises and cuts )  however was on par with a grammar school talent show .   there wasn't enough meat to this story to have any impact on the gay politic .  the film made no statement ,  squandered time ,  and is not engaging or worthy enough for thoughtful investment .  its fatal flaw is its amateurish approach ,  that makes it ultimately impossible to take seriously . 
i saw  " shiner "  on dvd .  while i was watching it ,  i thought ,   " this is a really bad porn flick without the porn .  "  i also thought ,   " whoever wrote this has some real issues .  "  then i watched the director/writer carlson explain his process as a special feature .  yeah ,  it was real special .   the emphasis of the film is placed on two alcoholic losers who hit each other to get off .  they are marginally attractive .  there is frontal and full nudity .  these factors probably account for the film being seen at all .   the most upsetting element of the film is the gay bashing and the subsequent further gay bashing of the same victim who tries ineptly to exact revenge from his assailants ,  the two drunken losers .  not only is the subject handled absurdly and badly from a technical point of view ,  but the acting is horrendously bad .   then there's the boxer-stalker theme .  this is really insane ,  not just absurd .  this hunky boxer is somehow traumatized by the persistent attentions of a fleshy momma's boy who works at his gym's parking lot .  this is in la ,  mind you .  the boxer is so traumatized that he turns up at the stalker's house ,  strips in front of him and gets excited in the process .   well ,  all i can say is ,  why would a boxer who is at heart an exhibitionist be so traumatized by the attention of a stalker ?  it simply makes no sense .  and ,  i'm afraid ,  some psycho-dynamics actually do make sense ,  if you take the time to read about them .  however ,  bad scripts seldom make sense at all .   the director/writer seems to have thought that this film represents a considerable minority within the gay community .  well ,  he may be correct ,  i suppose .  we may never know ,  since that minority would be so dysfunctional they would hardly be able to get organized enough to ever get to an obscure gay film festival or dvd store ,  the only two places they could possibly find this turkey .  thank goodness for that . 
what an unfortunate mess is  " shiner .  "  i wanted to like this over-the-top ,  anti-film aspirant ,  and in fact found a number of moments with powerful resonance .  sadly ,  those moments are few and far between .  while i appreciate some of what calson was attempting ,  any advantage aspired to by bare bones ,  no budget cinematography was destroyed with some truly atrocious editing that benefited the movie not at all .   while bad acting abounds in low budget  ( and big budget )  cinema ,  shiner has some remarkably bad performances that are nearly painful to watch .  in particular the  " straight "  couple linda and young guy .  these are the two most poorly written characters offering almost nothing to the story .  the acting is so abysmal and neither actor seems capable of resisting smirking or cracking up as they drearily drop their lines with an appalling lack of skill .  the choppy editing almost lends the feeling that these roles were entirely gratuitous and dropped in to avoid the films being stereotypically cast as an oddball gay film .  it would have been better off as such .   with all that is going wrong for it ,  there are several performances that seem to capture what calson was hoping to get .  in particular the story centering on bob and tim .  these are the two most richly drawn characters and offer the most rewards with genuinely captivating performances by nicholas t .  king  ( bob )  and david zelinas  ( tim )  .  tim is a boxer with some serious issues .  remarkably low self esteem is disguised by an almost cartoon like arrogance that he wears like armour plating .  obsessed with tim ,  the seemingly harmless yet ultimately creepy bob ,  stalks the boxer in classic cat-and-mouse fashion .  when the tables are turned and hunter becomes the hunted ,  the resulting in the film's only genuine emotional catharsis .  in a film so artificially hard-edged  ( that's a compliment )  one character must have that revelatory break through  ( or breakdown ,  as the case proves here )  and the final confrontation between bob and tim provide zelinas and king opportunity to display some real acting chops .   as played by scott stepp and derris nile ,  tony and danny seem to be the focus of the movie ,  and despite some bravado moments of their own  ( including one truly disturbing scene revealing the sex/violence obsession )  ,  but they can't seem to escape a cartoon-like artifice and it's difficult to look at - or beyond their seeming one note symphony and find anything other than the obvious .   ultimately this same raw material could  ( and should )  be used to tell this story in better fashion .  alas ,  there really isn't much to recommend this yet ,  the performances by messrs .  king and zelinas ,  really do offer something special and a glimpse of what might have been and are ultimately worth seeing . 
shiner ,  directed by christian calson ,  centers around three  " couples "  and their relationships with obsession and violence .  pretty good start as far as i'm concerned .  interesting .  the couples break down into a heterosexual couple ,  two heterosexual male friends and a straight guy being  " harmlessly "  stalked by a gay man .   the  " het "  couple really don't have much of a role in the film .  there are some scenes that show how they like to be aggressive when having sex or playing around with each other ,  but seem to have no real purpose since the are so marginalized .  my assumption is that they represent a more day to day illustration of how sex/violence are integrated in a couples life .  the couple aren't very aggressive and it's not even shot in any kind of erotic way .  as characters ,  they don't add much to the theme or plot .   the two male friends make up the bulk of the plot .  they engage in some gay bashing of sorts by convincing a homosexual man to have sex with them in an alley .  this escalates into violence .  and the violence changes them .  it becomes a means of sexual gratification .  and their need for violence t release grows as the film progresses .  the main problem i had is the violence is not convincing .  never once does it seem that any of the characters is in any real danger .  it just doesn't work .  given that the whole theme of the film is about the characters' relationships with violence ,  this is a major problem .  unfortunately ,  the make-up doesn't help either .  sometimes ,  it's okay ,  other times it is very bad .  in one scene ,  i really wondered why one of the characters had rouge smeared on his face .  confusing .   the more interesting pair of the characters is the  " stalker couple .  "  here calson seemed to have more to say and was able to develop a more coherent storyline .  perhaps it is because the characters seem to develop more and have resolution at the end .  shiner may well have been much better if it had stuck with these two .   i appreciate that calson wanted to achieve a lot with this film .  it is admirable .  most low budget flicks don't aspire to much .  i don't think calson achieved want he was aiming for .  myself ,  i found nothing particularly controversial or unsettling .  shiner was unconvincing .  this doesn't mean ,  however ,  that the director can't achieve something with his next film .   he seems to have something to say . 
there really wasn't much of a story in this film .  it loosely based itself off the events in the first lion king movie .  it is supposed to be how timon and pumbaa met via their aloneness .  but there isn't much more than that .   it mixes some scenes from the original ,  then it ab-libs about how this movie changed them a little bit .  but still ,  is that it ?  i was hoping for something a little more .  instead ,  all i have to show for it is an empty plot with little explanation .   i guess if you wanted to see other meerkats in the lion king universe ,  then this is it .  but other than that ,  it does little justice for the animators .  disney really should stop these direct-to-video productions .  it really was quite boring and could have used jason statham .   " d- " 
this is by far the worst film i have seen in my entire life .  the acting is poor and the storyline is almost incomprehensible .  whether or not you like lightships or any ships for that matter is irrelevant .  as for special effects the film has none .  the whole film crew were probably on the boat out in rough seas rather than in a studio and when some of the men are  " stabbed "   ( if you can even call it that )  their reactions are totally unreal .  the guns are more quiet than a mute .  how this film could have one two awards puts serious questions to the state of the human mind .  well thats about it .  this review is probably more fun to read than the film is to watch .  if anyone is considering watching it or buying it i would seriously advise you against it for obvious reasons .  i have said that it includes a spoiler .  if the fact that some people get stabbed and a gun gets fired is a plot giveaway .  i suppose it is because they are the only good parts of the film . 
this has the absolute worst performance from robert duval who sounds just like william buckley throughout the entire film .  his hammy melodramatic acting takes away from any dramatic interest .  i'm not sure if this was deliberate scene stealing or inadvertent but it's the only thing i can recall from a truly forgettable film .  this picture should be shown in every amateur acting class of an example of what not to do .  thank god ,  duvall went on to bigger and better things and stopped trying to effect a cultured accent .  he is a good character actor but that's about it .  klaus is so much better .  his performance is muted and noteworthy . 
the pakage implies that warren beatty and goldie hawn are pulling off a huge bank robbery ,  but that's not what i got out of it !  i didn't get anything !  in the first half there's a new character  ( without introduction )  in every other scene .  the first half-hour is completely incomprehensible ,  the rest is just one long ,  annoying ,  underlit chase scene .  there's always an irritating sound in the background whether it's a loud watch ticking ,  a blaring siren ,  a train whistling ,  or even the horrible score by quincy jones .  there are a lot of parts that are laughably bad ,  too .  like ,  the bad guys chasing beatty on thin ice with a car !  or ,  the police arriving at the scene roughly fifteen times .  i really hated this movie ! 
how the hell did they get this made ?  !  presenting itself as a caper comedy ,  the misbegotten  " $ "  is essentially two hours of people mumbling sentence fragments .  the usually dependable warren beatty looks drunk ,  and the usually hilarious goldie hawn acts like she's on depressants .  as for gert frobe ,  his most famous role - goldfinger - was infinitely more admirable than his character here .  not even the guy with the champagne bottle of lsd can save this litany of worthlessness .   am i comparing this movie to  " plan 9 from outer space "  ?  i wouldn't do such a thing even if someone paid me .   " p9fos "  was idiotically made but ended up hilarious ;  this was idiotically made and causes you to feel like your brain just melted out of your ears .  warren beatty and goldie hawn made up for this when they co-starred in  " shampoo "  ,  but then they co-starred in the dreadful  " town & country "  .  maybe they just shouldn't co-star in movies .  all in all ,  i would rather have my skin torn off than have to watch this again .  awful .   maybe they should remake it with jackie chan .  then i would pay to see it . 
millie is a sap .  she marries a rich guy named maitland and they have a child .  she then catches him cheating on her and divorces him .  .  . but lets him keep the kid she claims to love .  back then in the early 1930s ,  she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy .  .  . with no support .  .  . what a sap !  later ,  when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good ,  he turns out to also be a cheat !  wow ,  does she have a hard time picking men .   as a result of these bad relationships ,  millie changes .  now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck .  suddenly ,  many years pass .  millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and oddly fashions haven't changed one bit .  an old friend of millie's  ( yes ,  it's another evil man !  )  is now pretending to be the daughter's friend ,  but he has lecherous designs on her .  millie promises him that if he touches the girl ,  she'll kill him .  take a wild guess what happens next !    overall ,  the film is a confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like  " madam x "  but much ,  much less focused .  so often millie's motivations and actions seem to make little sense .  and ,  the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--so long as it substantiates the notion that all men are pigs .  unusual but not particularly good . 
this movie is very important because suggested me this consideration :  sometimes you can wish to be sick  .  .  .  sometimes you can wish to have a syndrome  .  .  .  sometimes ,  for example ,  you can wish have goldfield syndrome .  .  .  that way you'd not remember this boring movie  .  .  .  and above all you'd not remember adam  " superfluos "  sandler .  .  .  sometimes ,  simply ,  you can wish .  .  .  have rented another movie .  .  .   my vote ?  3 out of 10 .  my suggestion ?  if you are neither a fan of boring romantic comedies or adam sandler  (  .  .  . it's a joke don't exist adam sandler's fan .  .  . i want to hope it )  ,  save yourself .  .  .  someone to save ?  drew barrymore .   .  .  .  perhaps . 
this film just goes around in circles ,  and the viewer does not know where they are .  at first i thought .  . mmmmm ,  could be kinda cool movie this ,  but it just drags on and on ,  and eventually you don't know what's going on .  the lead female is a good actress and played her role well ,  and the psycho fella ,  is creepy ,  but after a bit you don't really care what happens ,  because this film just drags on .  shame really ,  this could have turned out a lot better .   would say though that the lead female and psycho fella ,  will have a good career ahead of them  ,  but will they remember this film ,  for making them known ,  or for being the film they regret they ever made . 
jill dunne  ( played by mitzi kapture )  ,  is an attractive ,  nice woman ,  over-whelmed by a smart-mouthed teenage daughter ,  liv  ( martha macisaac )  and a petty ,  two-timing husband ,  sean  ( rick roberts )  ,  both of which were tediously self-centered ,  and obnoxious .   this was advertised as a troubled family stalked by a crazed killer during a relentless storm .   the storm doesn't even happen until about the last 5 minutes of the film ,  and then it isn't anything to send anybody running to the storm cellar .   the stalking ,  likewise doesn't get intense until almost the end of the film .   most of the film we spend listening to jill and her insufferable daughter ,  liv ,  argue until i just wanted to back slap the daughter into next week .   jill's problem with liv is that she has taken up with zack ,  a boy of questionable character ,  and they are constantly making out--in fact jill comes home to find the two of them on liv's bed .   the rest of the time we spend listening to jill's husband sean either whine at jill or criticize her .   sean was not at all appealing--since his face is so covered in freckles you could play connect the dots .   the story begins with jill being notified of an out-standing bill on their credit card for a hotel she has never been to ,  and that she thought sean had never been to either .   jill goes to the hotel where she meets the owner & manager ,  richard grant  ( nick mancuso )  ,  a very nice ,  older ,  divorced man ,  who is sympathetic to her .  in fact ,  when he spots her husband there again ,  he phones jill and tips her off .   jill returns to the hotel ,  sees sean with another woman .  she is upset ,  leaves without sean seeing her ,  and does absolutely nothing .  in fact ,  she doesn't even say anything to sean when he arrives home .  this made no sense to me .   jill has given richard her business card ,  and so he calls her and she is apparently in real estate .  she shows him a condo .  afterwards they have a drink ,  and things get cozy between them .   richard and jill are getting it on ,  hot and heavy .  in fact ,  he seems a bit more aggressive than necessary ,  when jill suddenly decides to cut out .   jill and sean have a confrontation about his cheating .  sean whines about how jill has been letting him down since her father died .  apparently his lack of any morals is all her fault .  eventually jill confesses her own lack of morals and near adultery to sean--and of course that's all her fault too ,  as far as sean is concerned .   the little family decides to go on a camping trip--which means more whining and grousing among them ,  especially from the spoiled daughter .   i was so rooting for the stalker to get everybody ,  but jill .   3 stars
one of the worst films i have ever seen .  got so bored that i switched it off midway through to watch the news .  when i switched it back on ,  i fell asleep .  the film starts with a dream ,  continues with a dream ,  and ends with a dream .  then there are a few more dreams in between .  come on ,  what is supposed to keep me interested in that ?  a film needs to have a reason to be interesting .  the minute you felt the film was only a dream is when any sensible film-goer switches off .  ever had someone insist on telling you their dreams and what it means to them ?  this is it !  !  !   absolutely awful . 
i love horror movies .  i can even appreciate most cheese  ( face it ,  9 out of 10 horror films these days are cheese )  ,  but this was just ridiculous .  terrible acting ,  terrible writing ,  completely hollow and unbelievable characters  ( no meisner actors here !  )  and a total lack of sufficient body count .  i wish i could salvage the 79 minutes of my life i just wasted .  at least the crook brothers are aptly named .  the only good thing about the whole film was watching the alicia silverstone wanna-be get punched in the face .  how this ever made it to sundance is completely baffling to me .  most of the plot was absolutely unrealistic ,  even by slasher film standards .  i mean ,  come on !  who would rush out to get a cheap earring 10 seconds after a creepy stalker guy just left their doorstep ?  lame . 
salvage :  4 out of 10 .  groundhog day meets a christian coalition horror film .  okay maybe it's not that bad .  but it is close .   claire  ( played by alicia silverstonesque lauren currie lewis )  is stalked and possibly killed by a serial killer  ( chris ferry who is quite menacing and brutal )  .  i say possibly because she wakes up and it was all a dream .  .  or was it ?   ( cue music )   the basic problem with the film is that these fifteen minutes of plot  ( done quite well the first time )  is repeated over and over again .  and since claire wakes up every time and every scene is clearly a dream or alternate reality i just stopped caring what happened to claire and started wondering what lame twist at the end was going to pull this together .   i was rooting for a séance  ( which honestly would have made more sense )  but instead got one of those too obvious by half surprise endings  ( think the village or below )  yup the film collapses faster than donnie darko's directors cut .  all the great twist endings in horror movies the sixth sense ,  the original invasion of the body snatchers ,  happy birthday to me worked because the audience wasn't expecting a left field explanation .   ( heck even the canoe ending in the original friday the 13th was worth a jolt )   salvage on the other hand screams twist ending with every scene change .  other nagging faults is the one note piano soundtrack  ( though the featured songs were decent )  the obvious time padding  ( claire doing the dishes ,  claire's mother's subplots )  ,  the way claire says  " hello is anyone there "  every time she thinks there is a serial killer around .   also some of the secondary acting roles  ( in particular claire's mother played by maureen olander who resembles a mary kay zombie )  shows the first time actor low budget roots .   both too clever by half and not nearly clever enough salvage keeps your interest if only to see how they are going to fix this mess .  problem is they really don't . 
salvage is the worst so called horror film i've ever seen .  there is nothing remotely horrific about it .  it doesn't deserve to be in a genre so fine .  first of all i don't see how so many people can think this piece of crap such a great movie .  if i wrote something as boring and utterly ridiculous as this i would be laughed at and too embarrassed to subject others to the stupidity of it .  second :  the acting is terrible and the lead actress is excruciatingly ugly .  third :  the story sucks ,  its been used before ,  and the excuse that its a cheap movie is no excuse .  read the summery on the back of the case ,  it reveals the whole story .  i do not recommend that you watch this movie unless you have 80 minutes to waste on something that will leave you regretting that you watched it .  i feel really bad for those crooks and the irony of their name .  all hail anthony perkins !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
after reading all of the rave reviews about this film and a few that give it a so-so .  i finally decided to throw in my no cents worth .  i agree with most on the point that if it hadn't been for lauren lewis and chris ferry it would have been a disaster .  filmed in mariette oh .  just north of dogpatch where all the real talent fled south down i-77 years ago ,  at least as far as a tank of gas would allow .  i did get a chuckle from reviewers who subtly claim that they cerebrate a little better than most by claiming they followed the plot without an inkling of confusion .  this wee tale by the brothers crook is like an old record with a skip in it .  as an american i understand the difficulties ind film artists have to face .  a trip to romania would have wiped out the budget for sure .  lets face it this whole film was a loop de loop of claire in the gas station ,  claire on the side of the road ,  claire under the bleachers ,  claire in the house ,  claire in the cornfield ,  claire at school .  claire here and claire there .  it almost became monotonous and would have if she had not been the best actor in the cast .  josh and jeff have to make a living but don't write a two page script and turn it into an hour , twenty flick .  before writing another screenplay about dreaming ghosts watch an episode or two of ghost whisperer or something and get a little background .  all of the cast except the above mentioned and a couple of others were engaged in their first and last film .  also ,  there is an appearance by co-director jeff as he is in all his films .  just like alfred hitchcock ,  eh ?  one thing the film had going for it is that the cameraman seemed to have a fixation on lauren lewis' derrière .  well ,  with all sarcasm now satisfied i still recommend the film for the horror buff just to see this young actress in the formative time of her career  ( i hope ) and that chris ferry has established himself as a villain worth watching . 
i found this to be an utter waste of time ,  effort and money .  i know disney always displays lack of creativity when making  " straight-to-video "  films - but rehashing the plot of the original film with a  " new perspective "  is an all-time low .  .  . soon they'll just be re-releasing the original films with new animation and new songs and be calling it a  " new version of the movie we all love .  "  nathan lane surprisingly returns to his role of timon yet again .  timon and pumbaa the animated animals from the world of the original  " lion king "  embark on a narrative journey to tell us the original story the way it really happened .  .  . as they see it .   of course timon is now the hero of the story ,  yadda yadda yadda ,  blah blah blah .  .  .   the musical sequences are lame and the animation is crap .  the vocal talents are impressive for a video feature ,  but then again ,  when was the last time you remember matthew broderick ,  whoopi goldberg or nathan lane being in anything of real commercial substance ?  overall if you liked the original you'll hate this .  it's insulting because it's unfair to children and adults alike .  and that about sums it up . 
this movie could have been so much better ,  especially considering the talent .  larenz tate's portrayal of frankie lymon was not good ,  especially in musical performances .  he doesn't lip sync well and his stage mannerisms are larenz tate ,  when he should have been frankie lymon .  the portrayal of the women as a bunch of gold diggers has hollywood written all over it .  the powers that be obviously pushed it ,  but it only made the characters more unrealistic .  the positives of the movie were miguel nunez's portrayal of little richard ,  and the cameo of little richard himself .  lela rochon is eye candy ,  as usual ,  even in a conservative role .  it's too bad that the talents of halle berry and vivica a .  fox were wasted .  the whole frankie lymon saga was fascinating in real life .  too bad this film was a wasted opportunity . 
the title should have been the walker .  the guy expend 90% of the movie walking .  he doesn't know what he wants ,  or what he is .  go through life stealing peoples identity for nothing .  he gets no benefit ,  no money ,  nothing pretending to be another person .   no body was able to understand why he was pretending to be somebody else .   the only thing that was clear in this movie is that he love his father and was a good son .  but the rest was crap .   may be director is a looser that would like to be somebody else .  but what he really should do is to get a real job ,  because after his movie ,  i don't think he has a chance to make as a movie producer . 
the title should have been  " the walker "  .  that was only he did walk .   there was nothing on the movie that was good .  the description of the movie doesn't really comply with the plot .   the only thing that i can get from the movie is that he was a good son ,  but a low life terrible person .   i'm sorry that i expend my money and time ,  on this movie .  i saw people leaving the theater in the middle of the movie .  i stayed hoping that it will better .  .  .  . what a mistake .  i got worse .   if there is a suggestion that i can make to he producer is to re-direct his life to another field ,  because making movies is definitely no his cup of tea
i just finished watching  " el otro "  .  i have always taken my hat off to julio chavez's performances ,  as he is a great actor ,  but this movie is really depressing and slow .  i guess that it would have been even worse if it wasn't for julio .  anyways ,  this is definitely a film that you will never understand if you are not from argentina ,  and even if you are ,  i would advise you not to rent this movie in order to have a nice time with your girlfriend ,  boyfriend ,  family or friends .  .  .  it is really depressing and incredibly slow ,  and the plot does not make a lot of sense neither .  probably the director wanted to show the fragility of the human life ,  but what he does is bore and impress the audience with scenes that shock you a little bit .  it gives you something to think about ,  but not in a good way .  overall ,  i definitely didn't like this movie . 
guy walking around without motive .  .  .  i will never get those two hours of my life back .  the guy kept on assuming identities and cheating on his pregnant wife .  what was i thinking ?  how did this win a price anywhere ?  i understood he loved his father but other than that the movie was completely senseless to me .  what was the purpose of walking so much and going to the funeral of a stranger for no apparent reason .  how did this enrich his life ?  ?  ?  why did we have to see the dying old lady on her underwear ?  ?  ?  ?  !  !  !  why ?  ?  ?  !  !  !  !   i though it would be deep or about something more interesting .  i do not recommend the movie even to leave on while sleeping .  .  . 
i just came back from  " el otro "  playing here in buenos aires and i have to say i was very disappointed .  the film is very slow moving  ( don't get me wrong ,  i enjoy slow moving films !  )  ,  slow to the point of driving you crazy .  all you hear is julio chavez breathing heavily throughout the whole film .  this is a poorly made film ,  but more importantly ,  it is a film without a lick of inspiration ,  i felt nothing for the story or its characters .    " el otro "  was made only for the sake of making a film .  .  .  making it forgetful .  i would advise you to pass on this one ,  if you want to see good argentinian films ,  look for films by sorin . 
quite average even by monogram standards ,  this mystery  ( a remake of the sphinx )  has an oddball plot which is not unraveled to much effect -- you'll see through it after about ten minutes .  the two leads have some nice breezy dialog at the outset ,  but john hamilton is hopelessly dull as the villain  ( perfectly cast lionel atwill originated the role )  and warren hymer's nitwit shtick is pretty annoying .  however ,  it's worth sitting through for a five-minute appearance by the incomparable mantan moreland as nicodemus the janitor ,  who gets the better of the defense attorney during a hilarious courtroom appearance .  you've got to hand it to bill  " one-take "  beaudine ;  he wasn't much of a director ,  but he would always punch up a routine programmer with some goofy vaudeville . 
i rented this movie because it falls under the genres of  " romance "  and  " western "  with some grand canyon scenery thrown in .  but if you're expecting a typical wholesome romantic western ,  forget it .  this movie is pure trash !  the romance is between a young girl who has not even gone through puberty and a middle-aged man !  the child is also lusted after by other leering men .  it's sickening .   peter fonda is portrayed as being virtuous by trying to resist his attraction to brooke shields ,  and her character is mostly the one that pursues the relationship .  he tries to shoo her off at first but eventually he gives in and they drive off as a happy ,  loving couple .  it's revolting .   i don't see how this movie could appeal to anyone except pedophiles . 
having watched both the lion king and lion king ii and enjoyed both thoroughly .  i thought lion king 1 . 5 might be worth watching .  what a disappointment  !  disney must be getting desperate for revenues .   especially now that they lost the deal with pixar .   basically ,  they just picked up some bits of footage that were left on the editor's floor  ( or garbage can )  and glued them together to make a  quick buck .  unlike lk i & ii ,  both of which had strong story lines .   this movie hardly has a story at all .  while the characters and animation are always fun to look at ,  there is simply not enough material here for a movie .  some of the bits could have been good 2nd disk fillers on the original offerings .   disney - shame on you for putting this trash out to make a quick buck !   next time take the time and effort and put our an enduring work . 
beaudray demerille ( a weak peter fonda ,  who also directed )  ,  an aging gambler ,  wins young teen wanda  " nevada "  ( pretty ,  but not talented brooke shields )  in a poker game .  together the unlikely pair ( of course ) embark on a search for indian gold in the grand canyon .   that's the story and there really is no need to search for a deeper meaning in it .  it just isn't there .  the acting is very weak too ,  which was quite a surprise given the fact that peter fonda was in the lead .   if you're looking for something interesting in this film ,  take a look at the nice scenery and some good looks of a young brooke shields .  her character however is so irritating ( especially at the beginning ) and dumb ,  that she never quite comes off as sexy or appealing .  too bad ,  but ,  given the story ,  i doubt anything more could be made of this .  i wonder why peter fonda directed and starred in this film .  he must have even talked his father ( henry fonda ) into a  ( useless )  cameo in this ridiculous mess .  unfortunately ,  this was their only film together .  couldn't henry be in easy rider for example ?  3/10
any movie in which brooke shields out-acts a fonda is going to be both an anomaly and a horror .  shields actually is only bad because she's youthful ,  inexperienced ,  and clearly not well directed by her co-star .  peter fonda is bad because ,  well ,  because he's bad .  i liked him in ulee's gold ,  years later ,  but lord above ,  he's awful here .  not that anyone else is good .  there's not a single performance  ( outside henry fonda's delightful cameo )  that is even passable .  i've never seen a movie with this many bad performances .  in the case of luke askew ,  the chief villain ,  it's clear this is because of poor dialogue and direction ,  as he's done good work in the past .  but his partner ,  played by ted markland ,  is an embarrassing ham .  the writing is just bloody awful ,  and the actors cannot be faulted for the terrible things they have to say .  but they say them so badly !  the editing and direction are worse than pedestrian .  shots are held way too long for no dramatic reason ,  or cut off before the impact of the scene can be realized .  this picture was far worse than i'd imagined and would have been utterly forgotten  ( and probably never even made )  without the participation of a couple of famous names .  one bright spot :  the cinematography in the grand canyon is exquisite ,  capturing the beauty of that area in a way even big-screen imax productions have not quite done so well .  and finally :  either this is a bad version of paper moon ,  with a lovable pair of father-daughter types ,  or it's a bad version of pretty baby ,  with a considerably more icky romantic relationship between a forty-something and a 13-year-old .  it suggests more of the latter than the former ,  and thus is pretty disturbing . 
wanda nevada is a pubescent fantasy movie using circa 1979 ideas of what constitutes illicit romance for 13 year old girls .  script ,  pacing ,  and direction are uniformly awful .  action sequences defy belief .  characters speak with the simplified diction one usually finds in films aimed at the under 10 set ,  but also includes multiple sexual references involving shields' character as well as graphic deaths .    the movie wants to be a comedy on some level but is never funny ,  an adventure picture but plot and action are insipid ,  and a children's movie but introduces pedophilia and child rape as real possibilities .  it also wants to be a buddy picture ,  a coming of age picture ,  a ghost movie ,  an indian spiritual movie ,  a travelogue ,  and a western .  the overall affect is of massive stupidity with a nasty twist .  wanda nevada is a complete waste of time unless you want to see a good many terrific shots of the grand canyon .  that it manages to do just fine . 
peter fonda is so intentionally enervated as an actor that his lachrymose line-readings cancel out any irony or humor in the dialogue .  he trades sassy barbs and non-witty repartee with brooke shields as if he were a wooden block with receding hair ;  even his smaller touches  ( like fingering a non-existent mustache on his grizzled face )  don't reveal a character so much as an unsure actor being directed by himself ,  an unsure filmmaker .  in the southwest circa 1950 ,  a poor gambler  ( not above a little cheating )  wins an orphaned ,  would-be teen lolita in a botched poker game ;  after getting hold of a treasure map promising gold in the grand canyon ,  the bickering twosome become prospectors .  some lovely vistas ,  and an odd but interesting cameo by henry fonda as a grizzled canyon man ,  are the sole compensations in fatigued comedy-drama ,  with the two leads being trailed by cartoonish killers who will stop at nothing until they get their hands on that map .  shields is very pretty ,  but--although the camera loves her pouty ,  glossy beauty--she has no screen presence  ( and her tinny voice has no range whatsoever )  ;  every time she opens her mouth ,  one is inclined to either cringe or duck .  *1/2 from ****
man oh man !  what a piece of crummy film-making !  but this is a guilty pleasure from my childhood even though i hate to admit it .  they showed this movie on my basic cable system all the time .  where i grew up in san jose ,  california  ( right on the border of cupertino )  we had this thing called the g channel on our cable system .  and they basically showed the same one movie over and over and over again .  wanda nevada was one of those movies .  i fell in lust and love with the young brooke shields and loved her dopey adventures in the grand canyon in the 1940s .  the script makes almost no sense ,  the direction is poor ,  the few highlights are that henry fonda makes an appearance ,  a lot of dialog that's so bad it's good and a nice carole king song played over the end credits .  maybe you have to be stoned to truly enjoy this flick .  and hey ,  everybody knows there ain't no gold in the grand canyon ! 
this isn't one of arbuckle's or keaton's better films ,  that's for sure .  fatty's wife is tired of all his heavy drinking ,  so she takes him to a sanitarium where a psychiatrist  ( keaton )  claims to have a guaranteed cure !  well ,  once there ,  arbuckle accidentally eats a thermometer and is taken to surgery .  then ,  he escapes and is chased about the place where he meets a cute girl who also wants to escape .  finally ,  despite staff chasing them about ,  they escape at which point it becomes apparent that the girl is crazy and arbuckle is soon recaptured .  however ,  he awakens and everything after the surgery has all been a dream--there was no sexy crazy girl and dr .  keaton isn't as big an incompetent as he seemed in the dream .   a lack of humor is the biggest problem with the film .  sure ,  making fun of mentally ill people is pretty low ,  but in its day it was guaranteed laughs .  i'd laugh ,  too ,  if there was just something funny to respond to !  a lot of energy and that's all .   fyi--during one of the chase sequences ,  fatty wonders into a race for men over 200 pounds  ( wow ,  what are the odds of that ?  )  .  and ,  shortly after this ,  he backs into a post on which the number 5 was just freshly painted .  as a result ,  the five is now on the back of fatty's shirt and he looks like a regular participant .  however ,  the number should have appeared backwards on fatty's shirt but came out front-ways--a mistake ,  as they should have realized the mirror image would have been a backwards 5 . 
despite some moments in heavy rain ,  an encounter with a drunk as well as an organ grinder with a gypsy and a monkey ,  and a stay in a sanitarium ,  this roscoe  " fatty "  arbuckle silent comedy short with support from buster keaton and al st .  john is only fitfully amusing though there is a quite funny sequence of arbuckle in drag flirting with buster that's the ultimate in  " meet cute "  scenes especially since it's one of the few times we see the great stone face smile and laugh in the movies !  also ,  many scenes seem to have been jump cut edited possibly because of overuse of the film stock .  still ,  if you're an arbuckle or keaton completist ,  good night ,  nurse !  is certainly worth a look . 
what's to like about this movie ?  ?  ?   it is in colour !    it has some impressive underwater photography !    it has a rhythmic musical score in the background that works well at times !    so 3 out of 10 !    sometimes the music is speeded up !  especially when the shark or the baddies are about to move in !    sometimes it is slowed !  as if to convey to the audience it's about to be time for sympathy !    as another one bites the dust !  as if in a  " spagetti western "  this has much similarity to !    it's not that the italians can't produce quality productions !  there was a series of tv movies with a heading like  " octopus "  numbered about 1 to 7 ,  screened on sbs tv in australia in the 1990s about mafia-type conflicts !  and they were excellent !  but alas ,  you won't find it here !  !  !   i assumed it was made about 1960s !  sadly it was 20 years out of date ,  as evidenced by a funeral scene near the end !    then there was the razor-sharp bite of the speedy shark that makes for a red dust repeatedly emerging in the bluish waters !    amidst it all ,  either in bar-room brawl or in observing the latest sea-side bloody demolition by the relentlessly hungry shark ,  the mate of the hero looks on through his glasses of little concern ,  as if he too was bored in his relentless role amidst a lack of much evidence of plot or anyone's character development !    at least the hero indicates a fleeting concern belatedly ,  for his ex-wife !    but of course ,  even if the music fails to awaken our realisation ,  we have the sinister sound in the baddies' voices ,  as if to nudge us that another dark deed is about to emerge !    and near the end ,  someone thought of a twist !  just when we thought it was all totally predictable !  but stay tuned ,  folks ,  for you may find another twist !  if you are watching closely !  to ,  more or less ,  warm your heart !    follow the advice of the hero ,  and have a few beers along the way !  it'll make your viewing of  " night of the sharks "  more enjoyable !    then you'll be ready for something like a  " 007 "  movie to ease your way back into reality when this is over !  !  ! 
-spoiles- lame south of the border adventure movie that has something to do with the blackmail of a big cooperate executive rosenlski the president of unasco inc .  by on the lamb beachcomber david ziegler who's living the life of reilly ,  or ziegler ,  in his beach house in cancun mexico . having this cd ,  that he gave to his brother james ,  that has three years of phone conversations between rosenlski and the president of the united states involved in criminal deals .  this cd has given david an edge over the international mobsters who are after him .    the fact that james get's a little greedy by trying to shake down rosenlski for 2 million in diamonds not only cost him his life but put david in danger of losing his as well .  ropsenlski want's to negotiate with david for the cd by getting his ex-wife liz to talk to him about giving it up ,  rosnelski made a deal to pay off her debts if she comes through .  david is later killed by rosenliski's mexican hit-man tony ,  with the help of a great white shark ,  who just doesn't go for all this peaceful dealings on his boss' part .    tony had taken the cd that liz left for his boss at a local hotel safe and now want's to murder james ,  like he did david ,  and at the same time keep the cd to have something over rosenlski .   david who had secretly hidden the diamonds that james had on him at the time of his murder is now the target of tony and his men to shut him up for good .  david also wants to take the diamonds and at the same time give his boss rosenlski the impression that the cd that david had is lost but use it later ,  without rosenlski knowing who's behind it , to blackmail him .    the movie  " night of the sharks "  has a number of shark attacks in it with this huge one-eyed white shark who ends up taking out about a half dozen of the cast members including tony .  david who's a firm believer in gun-control uses knives high explosives and molotov cocktails ,  as well as his fists ,  to take out the entire tony crew .  even the killer shark is finished off by tony but with a hunting knife ,  not a gun .  when it came to using firearms to save his friend and sidekick paco a girlfriend juanita and his priest father mattia lives from tony and his gang guns were a no-no with david ;  he was more of a knife and spear man then anything else .    the ending of the movie was about as predictable as you can make it with david thought to be killed by the one-eyed shark later pops up out of the crowd , after rosenlski was convinced that he's dead and leaves the village .  david continues his life as a free living and loving beachcomber with no one looking to kill him and about two million dollars richer .  to david's credit he had his friend paco give rosenski back his cd but under the conditions that if anything happened to him his cousin ,  who rosenlski doesn't know who and where he is ,  will shoot his big mouth off and let the whole world know about his dirty and criminal dealings . 
this is one really bad movie .  i've racked my brain and i cannot come up with one positive comment to make .  the acting is atrocious .  i've seen more believable performances on cable access .  the plot is ridiculous .  stolen diamonds ,  secret recordings of the president ,  and a shark that attacks anything that gets near it should have made for cheesy fun at the worst .  night of the sharks isn't even so bad it's good .  the dialogue sounds and is delivered as if it were written seconds before it's filmed .  and to top it off ,  night of the sharks has the worst soundtrack i've ever heard .  i'm surprised my ears didn't start bleeding from the 80s techno synthesized sounds that someone actually bothered to record .   from everything i've read ,  the italian film industry was dead by 1987 .  night of the sharks is like a final nail in the coffin . 
i gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because i think  " the wild women of wongo "  is worse .  this is an exercise in patience .  it's like having your teeth cleaned by a bad dental hygienist .  there's no plot .  there's no logic .  there is certainly no acting  ( although the shark has some quality dialogue )  .  we don't wonder about anything .  we don't know how people got where they got .  it's always amazing to me how things like this even get released .  i agree with the previous writer that it isn't even funny bad .  i know .  it's about 90 minutes long and that will fill up about that much space on a dvd collection .  it's like a paperweight .  or a bad painting you bought at a starving artists' sale .  it covers the crack in the wall . 
i can see the guys doing the budget preparation for this flick .   " well lets see now ,  we spend 50% getting dirk benidict ,  cause battle star galactic and the a-team were cool .  the we spend 40% making a demon costume ,  never mind that the demon is supposed to be incorporeal in the script .  and we spend the rest making the movie .  "  this was pretty bad and very cliche .  .  .  .  have a loved one present when watching  ( or bring a good book ) 
a dedicated fan to the tlk movies ,  with the first one being a milestone and the second probably the best sequel disney has produced ,  along comes this film .  .  .  now i'm not arguing with animation ,  voice work ,  music ,  but this is no more than a timon/pumbaa screwloose in the tlk atmosphere .  although it isn't bad ,  it doesn't add anything .  basically this movie is one big joke .  .  .  and that's about all that saves it .  make a real tlk3 ,  disney !  the potential is there .   4/10
this is a simple tale but it feels very manipulative .  it lacks pathos for it does not leave a room for imagination or a personal thought or time for reflection .   the animation is well done but i feel like it is too presentational .  i would have preferred more images from behind ,  more space in the background and maybe then this would not feel so kitsch to me .   but for a hollywood style film it works ok but it is very derivative of aardman films and this is bothering to me .  perhaps a longer film will test if this maker can do without the voice-over .   i think the voice over is too glib . 
'sherrybaby' is quite a painful and sordid melodrama set in jersey ,  the story of a young mother who is out of jail on probe after a drugs-related conviction and fights to stay clean ,  to find a place for herself in life and especially to win back the love of her kid daughter who is being taken care by her brother's family .  the only reason the film is to be watched is maggie gyllenhaal ,  an actress at the top of her career ,  who fits very well in the role and carries the whole film on her shoulders .  this is not enough however ,  as the story line is too simplistic and expected ,  and the emotional emphasis is put on the wrong place - i kept asking myself all over the picture whether i am supposed to be sorry about the ex and maybe future drug addicted mother as the director and script-writer wanted ,  or about the innocent kid who is in the middle .  even maggie gyllenhaal's acting could not convince me that i should not care more about the kid . 
this piece of crap ,  since i can't call it a movie ,  can be summed up by the following .   -stereotypical black criminal with black midget partner get in trouble -black midget pretends to be a baby with a fully developed adult face ,  body hair and genitalia -black midget is mistaken ( somehow )  by man and woman who happen to want a baby -black midget than goes on to commit acts of physical and sexual violence ,  demean white people wherever he sees them ,  and commit more crimes -happy ending  honestly ,  it could have been a good satire if it hadn't been directed so shallowly and had such talentless bastards star in it . 
when watching little man  ,  you'll spend its running time trying to figure out its many plot holes  .  and thats not a good sign because this film is supposed to be a comedy  !  your supposed to be laughing at it  !  !  but will you  ?  probably not .    the main problem with little man is its concept- its far too ridiculous to accept  ( even as a cartoonish comedy  )  ,  so when the loud  ,  laboured and over the top jokes kick in  ,  they make the whole thing seem ten times stupider than it already is .    " but its a comedy  "  some of you might be screaming .  thats true but thats no excuse for such a dumb plot . i mean come on  ,  think about it if you saw a baby with a grown mans face  ,  wouldn't you be the least bit suspicious ?  and if calvin wanted to hide the diamond so badly ,  why didn't he put it in a nearby shelf instead of a random womans hand bag ?  and how can a qualified doctor not recognise that calvin is a grown man  ?  i mean seriously .  .  . what  ?     " its not about the plot  ,  its about the laughs "  you might be screaming  .  well heres the thing see ,  there are hardly any laughs in little man and that just make the dumb ass plot stand out all the more .    if you really want to watch a wayans brothers comedy with a belief suspending plot ,  stick to white chicks because at least that had a few decent laughs . what ever you do steer clear of little man . 
since this picture is classified a  " pure entertainment "  work and since there are already many comments on it ,  i'd like hereby to address something relevant to the abuse of humour .  we can see that marlon wayans is playing the joker role in this film .  certainly as long as he has been involved in the casting job ,  he has always been acting as a little man-an actor can change his customary dress but can hardly change his physical appearance-and the latter one can be an advantage when necessary .  however far away from what i expected ,  i saw an image very disguising ,  pretending to expose different aspects of the baby life by mistake of a forty-year- old criminal .  and with a ridiculous happy ending .  so what is the point ?  many elements are mixed up ,  some principal ones are violence ,  sex and criminal activities ,  amongst which the story is badly composed and to some extent ,  lack common sense :  where is vanessa when the peace of her house is violated and her husband's life being pursued ?  in addition the diamond is even bigger than the world's no . 1 cullinan !  but the most sickening facet is the continuous attempt to make up the little man as a superman by showing his physical weak points .  and they call it humour .  a diamond is precious ,  hard and fragile ;  it cannot be cut by any other material but only be conquered by the hot blood of a male goat .  hence it's no more a diamond but pieces of debris . 
so ,  has it really come to this ?  are we ,  as consenting adults ,  to blame for the next generation of cinema-goers lack of cinematic understanding and celluloid capability ?  concerning the wayans and co .  latest addition to the moving pictures scenario ;  little man .  this united kingdom p . g .   ( parental guidance )  ,  anyone under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult ,  certificated movie ,  is the epitome of what has now developed into the worse case of dumbing down since cigarettes were  " wiped out "  from pictures of movie icons of the 1950's .   the predominantly under twelve's audience here who ,  some without grown up supervision too ,  sat there ,  obediently ,  taking it all in ,  oblivious to their subject and the partly grown up features that little man portrays ,  in part at least too .  movies ,  in general ,  can do better than this poor attempt ,  while this nonsense is getting them in while they are still young and fresh ,  the biggest fear for the future of cinema is that a child's ignorance just might carry on through to a grown up bliss .  cinema deserves more than this ,  and so do its ever growing ,  and in the literal sense too ,  audiences ,  this blatant cash cow feeds on the ever-impressionable minds of the young .   there is no cinema experience here ,  no open eyed wonder ,  no awe-inspiring respect to the magic of movies' .  there is nothing but bewilderment and contempt ,  for the lack of substance ,  originality and its delivery of mind less tedium and parody of everything that is so now ultimately wrong with the hollywood machine ,  for the sake of a quick buck ,  we must endure our future cinema audiences to the likes of this archetypal disaster movie .   will this have the likes of hitchcock ,  fassbinder ,  leone ,  kubrick and schaffner reeling in their graves ?  money they all liked ,  no doubt ,  but talent and exuberance for perfection and quality ,  and to a vast degree ,  respect for their profession and audience ,  they were never short off .  we are seeing ,  once again ,  with the works of the wayans clan another cliché of bad taste ,  while the likes of white chicks  ( 2004 )  were in no doubt a stab at the bourgeoisie of american society .  the irony here is that the two leading protagonists ,  played yet again ,  by the wayans brothers ,  are so much undercover ,  that all recognition is non-existent ,  this makes for a better movie too ,  and it is the actor terry crews that gives white chicks its substance and personality ,  not the wayans .   yet again ,  with their pastiche of 1970's blaxploitation movies ,  as with the 1988 movie i'm gonna git you sucka ,  this to can be seen as a comical and amusing movie ,  with heavy weights as isaac hayes ,  jim brown ,  bernie casey and the gorgeous actress ja'net du bois .  the point being ,  that little man has absolutely no persona of any kind what so ever ,  he is shallow and narcissistic ,  with no appreciation or value toward his followers ,  he quickly dives in takes your money and before we know it ,  has hidden himself within the cogs of commercialism .  there is no recognisable effort as to where our money has been spent ,  after scary movie  ( 2000 )  ,  things could only have gone up ,  but alas they did not ,  no great pondering of artistic value and no doubt that the instalment from these intrepid movie moguls' next movies shall be straight to video ,  one can only hope .   the wayans seem to have created a movie genre all by themselves ,  to a certain extent ;  they have bludgeoned to death the movie parody ,  they have watered down each and every avenue and with their inevitable style .  they have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last one hundred years that cinema have given us ,  may the ghosts of movies past be ever so humble in their judgement ,  as their growing audiences ,  so far ,  seem to be ,  for when the bubble bursts ,  may they be as understanding too . 
i think its pretty safe to say that this is the worst film ever made ,  when i saw the trailer on tv i knew right from second 1 that this would be a piece of **** and it would be best to avoid it ,  but i somehow got dragged into seeing this by some friends ,  i walked into the cinema with low expectations but i was hoping there would be a couple of cheap laughs to keep me awake during this film .  the so-called  " jokes "  in this film bring a cringe to the face ,  they are mostly comprised of people taking hits to the face and balls ,  the baby looking weird and acting like a horny gangsta and the typical race jokes we see so often in todays garbage comedies .  the film is obvious and the story is not only impossible to believe but also predictable and dull .  the characters are extremely annoying and heavily stereotyped .  i never want to have to see this **** film again ,  i'd rather take a bullet to the foot than be exposed to this piece of fuckwood ever again .  if anyone i see says they liked it i will physically punch them in the face
i saw and liked the first two a lot ,  really .  especially because the second is not just a try to make another one as good as the first .  and it's a story standing alone .  you don't have to know the first movie .  i liked that in the  " free willy "  movies ,  too .   but .  .  .  the third ,  here is absolutely useless !  i tried it with a friend of mine ,  because we both liked the first two .  we decided to stop after a good half an hour .  the movie is okay ,  there are funny parts in it alright .  but what for ?  timon and pumba were funny creatures in the first two movies .  what lion king 1 1/2 is for me is :  a hard attempt to get even more fun of the first movie than it had already ,  plus telling the story from their point of view .  but what for ?  i'd really like to know .  you know ,  the idea of the two of them sitting in the cinema watching the first one ,  is really nice .  but what comes after is mostly unnecessary .  i guess many people liked timon and pumba ,  and so do i really .  yet ,  for me many parts were very constructed with a try to be funny .  no chance ,  most of it wasn't funny at all ,  at least for me .  btw .  what was the movie about anyway ?  was it a )  about timon and pumba or b )  an attempt to get more fun out of the first movie ?  i tend to choose option b and i'm very disappointed about it .   if you like to see stories like :   " the story behind xy "  ,  you should see  " rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead "  by tom stoppard with tim roth and gary oldman .  that's really funny and no try to get more out of  " hamlet "  then it has . 
i can catogoricaly and unequivocally say that in all my 51 years on this planet that is the worse  ( supposibly children's )  film i have ever seen in my life .   i took my three grand children to see it and even they were struggling to raise a smile during the all tortuous 90 mins .  the sexual indendoes i will leave for another day but they were as tasteless as the film .  they should pay you to watch it not you pay them .  it's truly truly awful ,  there is no other way to describe it .  the people that made this film should be brought to task for taking money under false pretences .   aplogise for my spelling mistakes but i am so upset that it spoilt the time i had with my grandchildren regards ,  stephen
i was not impressed about this film especially for the fact that i went to the cinema with my family in good faith to see a film which was certificate rated 12a here in the uk .  to my dismay ,  this film was full of embarrassing sexual jokes .   ( which is not a problem to me as an adult ,  but not good for watching with children )  .  this film at times was very crude at times with fart jokes ,  getting hit in the groin etc .  .  .  and for the most part of the film not very funny .   the premise of the film is that calvin sims who is a 2inch midget ,  gets out of jail and steals a giant sized diamond but is then forced to put it in a womens handbag .  so the rest of the movie sees him passing himself off as an abandoned baby ,  getting into this womens house so he can get this diamond back .   up until now ,  i have enjoyed most of the output from the wayans brothers - but this film is certainly taking the biscuit .   a bit of good advice - wait till it comes on tv or cable
what's the point of reviewing a movie like this ?  it's painfully and embarrassingly bad ,  not even in a way that allows you to make fun of it .   movies like  " little man "  depress me .  they represent film at its most disposable .  this movie was made for a bunch of 18-24 year old dipsh*t frat boys who the studio was hoping would come out and see it on opening night before word leaked out about how bad it was ,  so that the film could quickly recoup its investment .   a hundred other filmmakers with great ideas probably couldn't get their films made because resources were going toward making this puddle of vomit .   grade :  f
america .  a land of freedom ,  of hope and of dreams .  this is the nation that ,  since its independence ,  has striven to bring democracy ,  prosperity ,  and peace to the entire world ,  for the good of all mankind .  there are times ,  however ,  when one cannot help but wish that the american's would just stay on their side of the atlantic .    this 'movie'  ( and i use that word with some reservations )  evokes these feelings with an intense purity .  this vision of hell follows the adventures of calvin ,  a freakish jewel thief who was created by attaching the severed head of marlon wayan onto the body of a two foot-high dwarf .  after inadvertently dropping a large diamond into the handbag of vanessa ,  a career-woman who is reluctant to have children ,  calvin realises that in order to recover the diamond he must ingratiate himself with her .  so ,  as any normal man would ,  calvin dresses himself up as a 2 year-old and parks himself upon the poor woman's doorstep ,  where he is discovered by darryl ,  the broody husband of vanessa .    darryl incongruously falls for calvin's disguise despite the fact that the 'baby' has a full set of teeth ,  stubble ,  a tattoo ,  a knife-scar ,  and the sex-drive of a 16-year-old .  even more absurdly ,  vanessa doesn't see past calvin's baby-wear either and actually attempts to breastfeed the diminutive pervert .  this wretched assault upon the soul of mankind attempts ,  and fails ,  to find humour in rape ,  scatology ,  sexual assault ,  and paedophilia ,  however ,  in a dishonest attempt to transform itself into a piece of 'family-entertainment' the wayan brothers stir in a sickening amount of sentiment and flawed morality .    the brothers dim attempt a freudian rehabilitation of their thieving rapist by revealing that he  " had a bad father "  .  repeatedly hitting darryl in the crotch enables calvin to develop the loving father-son relationship that both he and darryl have always wished for .  as if this wasn't ridiculous enough ,  calvin's attempts to sexually assault vanessa somehow convince her that it is selfish for a woman to indulge herself with a successful career ,  and that instead she should spend her life playing the role of the housebound little-woman ,  who spends her time alternatively squeezing out babies and cooking for her husband .    in this movie the wayan brothers have mixed their crass and twisted form of humour together with the clichéd sentimentality that has infected much of hollywood's recent body of work .  additionally ,  they are endemic of the current generation of black comedians who are responsible for transforming african-american humour into a poor and wretched shadow of itself that over-indulges in fart-jokes and crude sexual gags .  by rights these two should be legally barred from picking up anything even remotely resembling a camera ever again .    unfortunately the current artistic and moral bankruptcy of american cinema means that by this time next month they will undoubtedly have filmed two sequels and be making millions of dollars from tacky merchandising deals . 
 " little man "  ,  now on dvd ,  is a wayans brothers flop .  it's the tale of a smaller than a midget criminal played by marlon wayans ,  who hides a diamond in a lady's purse after a heist .  he and his partner tracy morgan cook up the genius plan to disguise marlon as a baby and plant him at the lady's home .  he then goes through all sorts of  " home alone "  or  " child's play "  like mayhem to get the jewel back and be treated like a baby .  i was surprised by how low the humor was in this film .  the jokes have been done in other places so many times ,  that they aren't cute or funny .  i almost think the movie might have been funnier if they didn't use cgi and used the small actor who marlon's face was pasted over .  in watching the deleted scenes  ( minus cgi )  this actor was funny in a mini-me like way ,  but they chose a different route .  a few cameos and tracy morgan make some funny scenes .  . spend your rental fee $ on borat if you want some real laughs these days .   http : //mcmusicnotes . blogspot . com
this is exactly the reason why many people remain homeless  .   .   .  because stupid producers pay their money to make awful films like this instead of donating if they can bother !   this film is even worse than white chicks !  little man has a lame excuse for posing a character midget as a baby .  story is awful considering it was written by six people .  the idea still wouldn't be too bad though ,  if it was original and not a rip-off of a cartoon episode .  it has funny moments but some of them are way over-done and some are just stupid .  the acting was very ,  very bad .  so was the directing .  anyone involved in this film should be ashamed of themselves .  it is racist and very offensive to midgets .  i mean ,  instead of showing sympathy to them ,  the film-makers make fun of them !  it really disgusts me how they do it .  they see midgets being just like babies .  and for a character who is a midget ,  pretending to be an abandoned baby just to get a diamond from a certain family .  that is its lame excuse for showing something like that .  it just was not worth it .  don't watch this film .  it is a huge waste of time and money . 
this movie is most possibly the worst movie i have ever see in my entire life !  the plot is ridiculous and the whole  " little man "  crap is just so stupid .  the entire movie is unrealistic and dumb .  let's face it ,  it's just a  " black comedy "  .  this is just a pointless horrible piece that should have never made it to theaters .  the jokes are not funny and the acting is horrendous .  please ,  i beg of to you save your money than see this worthless piece of crap .  i had to endure sitting through little man for an hour and a half wishing my eyes would bleed .  i am disgusted that something like this would even be thought of !  who writes this crap ?  the actors have no talent what so ever ,  how do these people get into hollywood ?  they are making money off this junk ! 
like some of the other reviewers have alluded to previously ,  i'd like to know what moron actually read the script and went' ,   " yea !  !  !  this is it .  this is the next film we are going to green light !  !  "  and whoever that person is ,  should have his or her head examined for actual brain activity .  because whoever is responsible for actually dishing out money to have this made after reading the script ,  well ,  i'd love to give you my email address and maybe you'd like to just give away some more money .  this film is atrocious in every way .   the wayans are funny ,  at least they can be .  they have made some good films and had some incredibly funny performances along the way .  but in here ,  not only does the premise defy all logic ,  not only is the acting terrible ,  not only is the entire movie offensive from start to finish ,  not only is the direction as amateurish as you can find ,  but they actually want you to pay to see this film .  maybe if it was free .  .  . naaah ,  it would still be a waste of time .   usually i'd be inclined to write some long winded ,  detailed review about why this film is so bad ,  but just suffice to say that let my brevity do the talking .  this is the lowest common denominator film making and it is about as unfunny as a heart attack .   0/10 .  . makes my top ten list of worst films of all time ! 
it's here .  finally a movie comes out that i can honestly say is worse than larry the cable guy :  health inspector .  yet i'm willing to bet the the wayan's brothers ( hilarious )  will make more money than i ever make in my whole life on what is sure to be one of the top five worst films of all time ,  outside of my fifth grade outside the class re-enactment of romeo and juliet .  i mean really why would anyone ever ever see this movie unless they were paid to .  the comedy is weak and all even remotely funny jokes from the flimsy plot were surely revealed in commercials .  final word is this movie was a terrible letdown for me .  and the commercials looked so promising .  .  . 
there are some extremely talented black directors spike lee , carl franklin , billy dukes , denzel and a host of others who bring well deserved credit to the film industry  .  then there are the wayans brothers who at one time ( 15 , years ago )  had an extremely funny television show'in living colour' that launched the career of jim carrey amongst others  .  now we have stupidity substituting for humour and gross out gags ( toilet humour )  as the standard operating procedure  .  people are not as stupid as those portrayed in 'little man' they couldn't possibly be  .  a baby with a full set of teeth and a tattoo is accepted as being only months old  ?  baby comes with a five o'clock shadow that he shaves off  .  it is intimated that the baby has sex with his foster mother behind her husbands , darryl's ,  back  . oh ,  yea that is just hilarious  .  as a master criminal 'little man' is the stupidest on planet earth  .  he stashes a stolen rock that is just huge in a woman's purse and then has to pursue her  .  co-star chazz palminteri , why chazz ,  offers the best line :   " i'm surrounded by morons .  "  based ,  without credit ,  on a chuck jones cartoon ,  baby buggy bunny  .  this is far too stupid to be even remotely funny  .  a clue as to how bad this film is damon wayans appeared on jay leno the other night , prior to the bat awards and he did not , even mention this dreadful movie  .  when will hollywood stop green lighting trash from the wayans brothers  .  when they get over their white mans guilt in all likelihood  . 
there was a bugs bunny cartoon titled  " baby buggy bunny "  that was exactly this plot .  baby-faced finster robbed a bank and the money in the carriage rolled away and fell into bug's rabbit hole .  he dressed up as a baby to get into bugg's hole to retrieve the money .  the scene in  " little man "  where he's looking in the bathroom mirror shaving with a cigar in his mouth is straight from the cartoon .  this was a hilarious 5-minute cartoon ;  not so much an entire movie .  if you are really interested in this ,  buy the bugs bunny dvd .  it's was much more original the first time  ( 1954 )  .  plus you'll get a lot more classic bugs bunny cartoons to boot ! 
[contains spoilers !  !  ! ]   timon and pumbaa are watching the lion king .  timon decides to go back before the beginning ,  to when the story really began .  so they go back .  way back .  back even before simba was born .  back to timon's old home which was miles away from pride rock .  a clan of meerkats burrowed underground to hide from hyenas .  the worst digger in the clan was a pompous ,  self-centered meerkat named timon .  his mother took pity on him but uncle max just shook his head .  mother suggested putting timon on sentry duty ;  timon had dreams of a bigger and better place out there somewhere .  just then ,  hyenas shenzi ,  bonzai and ed arrived and nearly killed poor uncle max .  that did it .  the other meerkats just wanted timon to go away while timon took it upon himself to leave .  so he kissed his mom goodbye and started off .  he didn't get very far before he started getting homesick .  just then he met rafiki ,  who taught him to look beyond what he sees .  timon had no clue what that meant so he continued on and met a warthog named pumbaa ,  who was all alone due to a flatulence problem .  timon and pumbaa join up then ,  but timon declared them acquaintances ,  rather than friends .    they soon arrive at pride rock where all the zebras ,  antelopes ,  wildebeests ,  rhinoceroses ,  giraffe's ,  elephants and many other plain animals had gathered .  what was going on ?  timon didn't care .  they pressed on .  timon then saw rafiki atop pride rock lifting into the air something he couldn't see .  just then all the animals took a bow .  was this to honor the birth of the new king ?  no ,  pumbaa had passed gas and the animals were bowing to cover their noses ;  timon and pumbaa try an assortment of new homes ,  but each are discomforting due to incessant singing or hyenas or a large stampede of wildebeests !  pumbaa and timon suddenly find themselves heading down stream .  when they reach land ,  timon decides to give up .  but then they gaze around at their newfound paradise .  it was beautiful :  trees and water falls as far as the eye could see .  timon named the place after a strange phrase he learned from rafiki :  hakuna matata .  timon and pumbaa go out bowling for buzzards one afternoon when they suddenly run into simba .  they take him under their wing and become father figures .  they teach him the arts of bug eating and belching contests .  pretty soon ,  a teenage simba takes on timon in a snail slurping contest .  simba won ,  leaving timon deathly ill .    then one day ,  simba's childhood friend nala arrived .  timon and pumbaa just knew she'd break up the friendship .  suddenly ,  simba runs away .  nala and pumbaa race after him ,  but not timon .  he chose to stay at  " hakuna matata "  by himself ,  until rafiki  " talked "  some sense into him ,  so he joins his friends at pride rock .  timon's mother and uncle max arrive then .  while simba battles scar ,  mother and max dig a large hole to trap hyenas shenzi ,  bonzai and ed in .  it worked .  scar is soon flung down the same hole where he is devoured by the hyenas .  then all is well .  mother ,  uncle max and the rest of the meerkats go live with timon and pumbaa in the paradise that is hakuna matata .  back to the present ,  timon and pumbaa finish the movie when suddenly mother ,  uncle max ,  simba and rafiki want to watch it again .  so do mickey mouse ,  donald duck ,  goofy ,  snow white ,  the seven dwarfs ,  dumbo ,  peter pan ,  the lost boys ,  mad hatter ,  march hare ,  genie ,  aladdin ,  and jasmine .    well ,  i must say that the lion king 1 1/2 wasn't as good as i had hoped .  it was too ridiculous and silly .  the original lion king was a masterpiece .  it had a serious story with light comedy thrown in .  this one was just silly and made a mockery of it .  i swear ,  sometimes timon and pumbaa are just way too overplayed .  they're overplayed to the point of no longer being funny ,  just annoying .  the original voice cast is back :  nathan lane as timon ,  ernie sabella as pumbaa ,  matthew broddrick as adult simba ,  whoopi goldberg as shenzi ,  cheech marin as bonzai ,  jim cummings as ed ,  robert guillame as rafiki .  new to the cast are julie kavner of tv's  ( too )  long running series the simpsons as timon's mom and jerry stiller as uncle max .  so anyway ,  this movie isn't the lion king iii ,  and it isn't ii because there already is a ii .  it takes place right after part i and part ii is a ways away .  hence ,  it's 1 1/2 .  in conclusion ,  i don't recommend this to die hard lion king fans because it's far too ridiculous and frivilous .  however the kids will love it so i recommend it to them .  i hope this will also be the last lion king movie .  two is enough .   " the lion king 1 1/2 "  .  what we've come to expect from disney sequel makers .   -
 .  .  . ever .  this is the bottom .  i am not joking .  the theater should've had a warning of some kind .  'abandon all hope ye who enter here' would've been fitting .   i don't have the words to describe accurately the hell that this movie is .  its debilitating stupidity even fails to amuse .  this movie is definitely aimed at some of the slower turtles in the sandbox .  the story was blatantly stolen from a 10 minute bugs bunny cartoon and then stretched like mr .  fantastic to 90 excruciatingly painful minutes .   i remember when the wayans's were funny .  i guess the pressures of hollywood for them to produce produce produce are to blame for the poop that churns out at a consistent rate .  i'm sad and offended that they think we are stupid enough to enjoy 90 minutes of kick-in-the-balls jokes with a thin plot based on a cartoon .   i disliked nearly everything about this movie .  i won't spoil anything but the baby is actually a midget with marlon wayans's face poorly superimposed over the midget's body .  what i did like was the ending .  not the movie's resolution ,  but the actual end where we all stood up and walked out .   i gave this movie one star ,  but it clearly deserves less .  i don't feel that the six minutes they spent writing the script is worth a star .  this does deserve a razzie and i pray to god it gets it .   when are people going to learn ;  if you stop paying to see this idiocy they will stop pooping it out .  seppuku is a reasonable alternative to this film .  avoid it at all costs .  you have been warned . 
when i saw that imdb users rated this movie the bottom 250 movies ,  i thought it was too harsh but little did i know that the low rating was absolutely correct .   i am a big fan of the wayans brothers .  i loved their scary movie 2 and even enjoyed white chicks .  little man ,  however ,  had very few laughs and the jokes were stale .   obviously ,  the joke will revolve around marlon wayans ,  who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison .  he and his partner ,  tracy morgan ,  steal a diamond meant for a gangster .  things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by shawn wayans and kerry washington .  in order to get the diamond back ,  the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep .  of course ,  he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond .   the movie has some actors and actresses from saturday night live like molly shannon and rob schneider as well from in living colour .  all these talents ,  however ,  cannot help the poor script and the jokes which simply was not funny .   the special effects to make marlon wayans to look like a midget was ok .  i mean ,  it was not 100% believable but it was ok .  .  . nothing great .  i just wish that the wayans brothers had put more effort into developing a script with good jokes rather than trying to shore up their poor script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses .   wait for it on cable or television .  it really is not worth any amount of money . 
i've now just realised that by watching this film i have lost valuable precious moments of my life i will never get back .  thsi film isn't just poor its dire .  it reminded me of every stereotypical black sitcom ever made .   i regret watching this film .   flixmedia reckons its a race issue ,  apparently  " white "  people don't like it because it doesn't have white actors .  mate ,  i think you'll find the reason why no one liked this was because watching paint dry is far more entertaining and funnier then this pile of drivel .   please stop making crap films
ripping this movie apart is like shooting fish in a barrel .  it's too easy .  so i'm going to challenge myself to acknowledge the positive aspects of little man .  first ,  i'm impressed with the special effects .  it really did look like marlon wayans' head was attached to the body of a little person .  i never doubted it for a minute .   secondly ,  i loved some of the unexpected cameos .  david alan grier played an annoying restaurant singer ,  and his renditions of  " havin' my baby "  and  " movin' on up "  were priceless .  john witherspoon ,  who ,  coincidentally ,  played grier's father in 1992's boomerang  ( if you remember ,  he  " coordinated "  the mushroom belt with the mushroom jacket )  now plays vanessa's father in little man .  so that was fun .   beyond that ,  this movie is about as believable as white chicks .  how dumb is it when even the doctor can't tell that it's a 40-year-old man and not a baby ?  he's got a full set of teeth !  !  !  how is it possible that no one seems to notice that it's not a baby ?  little man is so bad that there's a rob schneider cameo .  and please ,  if you're stupid enough to waste $8 on this movie ,  at least do me a favor and do not bring your children .  this movie is way too sexual for small children  ( lots of jokes and innuendo about sex ,  going down ,  eating out ,  etc .  )  ,  and i felt embarrassed for the parents who brought their kids to the screening i was forced to endure .  if you insist on seeing an idiotic film ,  as least spare your children the pain and suffering . 
this was the worst movie i've ever seen in theaters .  it was just a compilation of recycled material .  people getting hit in the head is not funny .  people getting kicked is not funny .  after the third time a guy got kicked in the balls not even the youngest audience member was laughing anymore .  it just got tired fast .   i went with my younger sister .  she actually laughs out loud at king of the hill but this cinematic masterpiece bored her .  i'm not surprised .  the story is pretty lame .  a midget thief steals a big diamond in what was definitely the easiest heist in hollywood history .  then he hides out with a family pretending to be a baby .  i know it sounds exciting but that's the whole story .  say those two lines over and over for 1 . 5 hours and you'll get the picture there were predictable jokes galore .  i really felt ripped off after seeing this .  i wasn't expecting much and i was still disappointed .  i wish keenan would just hire some decent writers to write jokes and/or his next script .  this was even worse than white chicks if that is possible .  i've seen high school plays that were better ,  and cheaper .   there wasn't anything positive about this movie .  i don't like my entertainment to be dumbed down . 
comes this heartwarming tale of hope .  hope that you'll never have to endure anything this awful again .  *cough* razzie award *cough*  i disliked this movie because it was unfunny ,  predictable and inane .  while watching i felt like i was in a psychology experiment to determine how low movie standards could get before people complained .  when i requested my money back at the end of the movie i was informed that because i watched the whole thing 'i wasn't entitled to reimbursement' .  i was told by the assistant manager that several people had complained and gotten refunds already though .   the movie summary is pretty basic .  the midget thief steals a diamond and the poses as a baby to elude police .  underneath this clever outline however ,  lies a repertoire of original ,  fresh and hilarious skits .  or not .   ask yourself the following :  do you like to see people getting hit by pans ?  do you like fart jokes ?  do you like to see midgets posing as babies threatened with a thermometer in the anus ?  do you like tired racial jokes ?  do you think babies say 'goo goo goo goo goo gaa gaa' ?  do you drool ?   if you answered 'yes' to any of the above then this movie is definitely for you .  although it has been billed in some places as 'the worst movie of the decade' ,  there is probably a movie or 2 that are worse .  .  . somewhere .  i can't say for sure .  i gave this movie 2 stars because we all know a review with only one star would indicate bias on the part of the reviewer and then the review wouldn't be taken seriously .    this lowbrow comedy is intended for a less intelligent audience and i cannot in good conscience recommend it to anyone .  save your money for something funny .   respect
so that´s what i called a bad ,  bad film .  .  .  poor acting ,  poor directing ,  terrible writing !  !  !  !  i just can´t stop laughing at some scenes ,  because the story is meaningless !  !  !  don´t waste your time watching this film .  .  .  well ,  i must recognize it has one or two good ideas but it´s sooooo badly writen .  .  . 
a director and his crew head out to the isolated beal mansion ,  to make a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the beal family that have occurred there in the last century .  even with warnings by the caretaker ,  the director pays no attention to the supposedly cursed house .  one of the crew find a book titled tibetan book of the dead ,  and use some of the passages from it for their script .  but in doing so ,  when red they raise a ghoul from its grave .   boring ,  confusing and tacky all rolled up into one ,  equals this penniless midnight horror production .  what feels like an eternity ,  it just never seems to get going or demonstrate anything effective from somewhat decent ideas .  even though director paul harrison's clunky ,  tensionless direction did construct a couple eerie ,  moody and atmospheric set-pieces .  but laziness did set it early .  the whole film within a film structure takes up most of the movie and in this time little to nothing happens of great interest .  nor is it fun .  think of bob clark's  " children shouldn't play with dead things  ( 1972 )  "  ,  and now we've got older actors in the part .  however i found  " seven corpses "  to be inferior .  the script early on has some cutting wit abound ,  before it ends up being drab ,  predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities .  the cheap foundation involving limited sets didn't help matters either ,  but the mansion's dreary ,  dark appearance had a creepy air to it .  performances from a recognizable b-cast is mainly rigid .  john carradine in small part mainly lurks about .  john ireland plays a hot-headed director ,  faith domergue's washed-up actress demands attention and charles macaulay hams it up .  the slow grinding premise is crossed between  " ten little indians "  and your usual zombie set-up .  however its not all that engaging ,  even with its occult and supernatural edge .  hell they even throw in some graveyard action ,  with no prevail .  when the rotting ghoul makes its appearance finally ,  but a bit late .  it does get a little better ,  if very baffling .  just like the inspired opening ,  the ending is deliciously downbeat .  to bad in between ,  it constantly drags .  continuity in many scenes comes across non-existent ,  and the death scenes are more exciting and bloodier  ( but indeed poorly executed )  in the movie they're making ,  then what actually happens to them when the zombie appears .  the generic music score flounders on with its shuddery ,  but frank gothic cues ,  and the camera-work is blandly staged with a lack of imagination .  shoot and frame .  shoot and frame .  job done .  that's a wrap . 
well .  .  . now that i know where rob zombie stole the title for his  " house of 1 , 000 corpses "  crapfest ,  i can now rest in peace .  nothing about the somnambulant performances or trite script would raise the dead in  " the house of seven corpses ,  "  but a groovie ghoulie comes up from his plot  ( ha !  )  anyway ,  to kill the bloody amateurs making a low-rent horror flick in his former abode !  in hell house  ( sorry ,  i don't remember the actual name of the residence )  ,  a bunch of mysterious ,  unexplained deaths took place long ago ;  some ,  like arthritic lurch stand-in john carradine  ( whose small role provides the film's only worthwhile moments )  ,  attribute it to the supernatural ;  bellowing film director john ireland dismisses it as superstitious hokum .  the result comes across like  " satan's school for girls "   ( catchy title ;  made-for-tv production values ;  intriguing plot )  crossed with  " children shouldn't play with dead things "   ( low-rent movie about low-rent movie makers who wake the dead )  ;  trouble is ,  it's nowhere near as entertaining or fun .   " the house of seven corpses "  is dead at frame one ,  and spends the rest of its 89 minutes going through rigor mortis ,  dragging us along for every aching second .  .  . 
the only redeeming part of this movie was the price i paid .  at least all i lost was $3 . 00 and the time elapsed sitting through this bomb .  the crew member who was in charge of continuity missed the boat .  when the female lead and the fbi guy went to the alleged killers location ,  mr .  fbi handed the female a revolver .  when the alleged killer came out the door ,  the revolver has magically transformed into an automatic .  one is left to ponder would an fbp agent hand a weapon to a civilian ?  i think not .  ms .  xavier appears to be a very attractive female .  it is too bad the r rating did not allow much of her to be seen .  it would seem that a film editor cut what might have been the best parts of the film out . 
this is the type of movie where it actually hurts to acknowledge that it really ,  really sucks .  i normally sanctify stuff like this !  early 70's grindhouse flicks with scrumptious sounding titles and a schlocky low-budget atmosphere usually rock .   " house of seven corpses "  appeared to dispose of even more trumps ,  since the cast is a gathering of great genre veterans  ( including john carradine ,  john ireland and faith domergue )  and the filming locations  ( the titular house ,  the graveyard )  are obviously very expedient for a gloomy tale of terror .  the film opens with its absolute greatest and most hauntingly memorable sequences ,  though sadly enough they're the only ones that qualify as such .  the credits are a splendid montage ,  complete with freakish color-effects and eerie freeze-frames ,  illustrating how the titular house received its notorious reputation .  the last seven owners were mysteriously murdered here and the credits montage gleefully exhibits their final moments .  someone falls down the balcony screaming ,  a lady drowns in her bathtub ,  and another female body hangs dangling from the ceiling and four more macabre tableaux .  needless to say the house is cursed and the awkward behavior of t caretaker mr .  price  ( carradine )  only fortify this reputation .  in other words ,  the house forms the ideal turf for the acclaimed director eric hartman  ( john ireland )  to shoot his satanic horror film project .  the film-within-film structure is what mainly causes  " house of seven corpses "  to be so boring and uneventful .  a lot of movie-material is wasted on crew members putting films spools in the camera and dragging around cables or  even worse  faith domergue and charles macaulay portraying horridly intolerable actor stereotypes .  the plot finally gets a little interesting  ( only a little ,  mind you )  when one of the characters reads some lines from an occult book and accidentally awakes a rotting corpse in the backyard .  the asthmatic  ( judging by the noises he produces )  zombie slowly heads for the house and kills the entire movie crew ,  reminiscent of how the previous seven turned into corpses .  after a running time of approximately 60 minutes ,  the film suddenly turns from humdrum into just plain weird and confusing .  i'm still unsure whether the final twist has to do with the concept of reincarnation or just coincidence and all the remaining characters suddenly seem to go undergo vast mental transformations shortly before they die ,  for some reason .  i honestly regret confirming  " house of seven corpses "  is a pretty dreadful movie .  the locations and scenery are gloomy chilling ,  but not nearly used to full effect and there's a serious lack of gruesome bloodshed .  numerous low-budgeted 70's gems were stunningly gross ,  so the lack of financial means is no excuse and the film-within-film murders really don't count .  even the always-reliable veteran stars deliver hammy performances and harrison's direction is completely uninspired .  not recommended ,  unless you think the zero cool four-and-a-half minute playing opening credits montage is worth the effort of purchasing a copy . 
john carradine ,  john ireland ,  and faith domergue who as players all saw better days in better films got together for this grade g horror film about life imitating art in a mysterious mansion .   for carradine it was in those last two decades of his career that he appeared in anything on the theory it was better to keep working no matter what you did and get those paychecks coming in .  with that magnificent sonorous voice of his ,  carradine was always in great demand for horror pictures and the man did not discriminate in the least in what he appeared in .   he plays the caretaker of an old gothic mansion who movie director john ireland has rented for his latest low budget slasher film .  it's even got a graveyard ,  but with a missing occupant .  faith domergue is ireland's aging star and carole wells is the young ingenue .   in the last twenty minutes or so most of the cast winds up dead that aren't dead already .  the script is so incoherent i'm still trying to figure out the point .  i won't waste any more gray matter on it . 
ostensibly this is a z-grade dtv horror film .   but with lines like  :    " it's easy to die ,  i have ,  many times "   and   " why are you reading that book  ?  "   " because it makes the plot more interesting "   and   " you made your way in here ,  now you can make your way out again  !  "   ( after he leads a man into the basement )    ( and take a listen to what they chant )   - it's not that clear what this film ,  made in the era known for post-structuralism ,  is actually about ,  or whether its just bad film-making .  the acting is atrocious ,  but some actors i know ,  so are they hamming it up  ?   an old house ,  cut obviously with a contemporary dwelling ,  is the site of murders .  a  ( bad )  film is made in the grounds and the story replays again . 
- a film crew is shooting a horror movie in an old ,  supposedly cursed house where over the years ,  seven people have mysteriously died .  one of the crew finds an old book of spells and it looks like it would be perfect to use in some of the ritual scenes in their movie .  it is reasoned that the spells in the book are better written than the script they are using .  but as the book is read ,  the graveyard outside suddenly comes to life .  now the cast and crew are faced with real danger  .   - imdb lists a running time of 90 minutes .  for the first 60 of those minutes ,  nothing happens .  far too much time is spent on the movie within a movie .  are we supposed to be frightened by the horror movie that they are shooting ?  we already know that their movie isn't  " real "  .  these scares just don't work .   - there are very few things to enjoy about the house of seven corpses .  the acting is atrocious .  most of these  " actors "  would have trouble making a elementary school play .  the score is terrible .  it is very reminiscent of a 70s television series and provides no atmosphere .  speaking of atmosphere ,  other than a few moments at the end of the movie ,  there is none to speak of .  character logic is all but non-existent .  even in a movie ,  you expect characters to behave in a certain way .  here ,  i don't think i remember one scene where a character didn't choose the most illogical avenue available to them .  and finally ,  there's those first 60 minutes of the movie that i've already mentioned .  can you say boring ?    - i haven't rated the house of seven corpses any lower because of instances where the movie  ( probably by accident )  actually works .  my two favorite are the beginning and ending .  the opening title sequence presents the deaths of the seven previous owners and may be the highlight of the movie .  and ,  the ending scenes on the massive staircase as the zombie menaces the film crew are somewhat effective  ( what a ringing endorsement )  .  overall though ,  these moments aren't enough to make this a good movie . 
 .  .  . but i've seen better too .   the story here is predictable--a film crew trying to film a horror movie in a place where murders occurred .  three guesses what happens .  this isn't a total bomb--the cast is fairly good with pros john ireland ,  faith domergue and john carradine giving the best performances .  it's reasonably well-made--for a low budget film .  just don't expect any nudity ,  swearing ,  blood or gore  ( the film has a very mild pg rating )  .  i was never totally bored--it's ok viewing on a quiet night .  i saw it on video--it was a horrible print--very dark and some scenes were impossible to see .  still i didn't hate it and it does have a cool ending which surprised me--basically nothing happens up till then so it catches you off guard .  worth seeing but only if you're a horror film completest . 
after reading the previous comments ,  i'm just glad that i wasn't the only person left confused ,  especially by the last 20 minutes .  john carradine is shown twice walking down into a grave and pulling the lid shut after him .  i anxiously awaited some kind of explanation for this odd behavior .  .  . naturally i assumed he had something to do with the evil goings-on at the house ,  but since he got killed off by the first rising corpse  ( hereafter referred to as zombie #1 )  ,  these scenes made absolutely no sense .  please ,  if someone out there knows why carradine kept climbing down into graves -- let the rest of us in on it !  !    all the action is confined to the last 20 minutes so i'll attempt a synopsis .  john carradine comes out to the cemetery to investigate ,  and is throttled by zombie #1 .  so far ,  so good .  but then we get the confusing scene where john ireland and jerry strickler ,  out for a little moonlight filming in the graveyard ,  discover carradine's dead body .  strickler repeatedly tries to push ireland into the open grave from whence zombie #1 had emerged ,  but ireland succeeds in flipping him into the open grave instead ,  and presto !  strickler comes out as zombie #2 !  yeah ,  i guess we can infer that strickler was dead all-along  ( a witch ?  )  ,  but why he changed from normal appearance into rotting-flesh version by flying into zombie #1's grave is never explained .   ( considering how excruciatingly slow-moving these zombies are ,  i'd of thought he would have preferred to stay in his  " normal "  form until his business was concluded )  .  this scene also brings a question to mind -- just who the heck is zombie #1  ?  ?  ?  we can only assume zombie #1 is one of the original murder victims shown during the movie's opening credits ,  but who knows which one ,  nor why he has a particular grudge against the film crew .   anyway ,  after ireland sees this transformation and runs away ,  we see the exact same shot of zombie #2 shambling through the trees as we saw for zombie #1 .   ( this leads to momentary confusion over just how many zombies there really are )  .  then in best 1950's horror-movie fashion ireland manages to trip while fleeing .  he conveniently knocks his head on the small headstone of faith domergue's dead cat  ( wasn't that nice of john carradine to chisel a tombstone for a cat that he barely knew ?  )   meanwhile ,  zombie #1 has been wrecking havoc up at the house .  he easily dispatches three film-crew members ,  then starts up the stairs .  faith domergue hears him ,  and thinking it's lover john ireland back from his night-shoot ,  goes out .  upon seeing it's only zombie #1 ,  she lets out a scream and retreats into a bedroom where she retrieves ireland's revolver .  while starlet carole wells is showering at this point and can't hear the scream ,  her co-star charles macauley  ( who's boozing and hamming it up at a mirror in his bedroom )  does .  taking his sweet time  ( and only after some more swigs from his hip-flask )  he finally decides to investigate .   ( one thing that strikes the viewer during the last quarter of this movie is how slow to react the stars are to screams and gunshots )  .  domergue comes back out into the hallway armed and ready ,  but mistakes macauley for zombie #1 and shoots him six times !  he does a nice acrobatic flip over the railing ,  then a horrified domergue backs up ,  right into the waiting arms of zombie #1 .   carole wells is by now out of her shower and drying off when she hears gunshots and domergue's screams ;  she too feels no great urgency in running out to investigate .  so during this time zombie #1 has time to string domergue up from the neck with a rope .  wells sees domergue's hanging corpse and faints dead-away .  the next time we see her is in a stream outside the house  (  ?  ?  ?  )  -- but more on that later .  meantime ,  ireland has recovered his senses and stumbles into the house where he discovers zombie #1's bloody carnage .  though ireland has just stumbled upon 3 murdered people he's more concerned that his film has been exposed and ruined !  mercifully for him  ( and the audience )  ,  zombie #1 throws some movie equipment down on his head from the 2nd floor .  that's the last we see of zombie #1 .  at this point the audience is treated to a montage of all the deaths ,  showing that the new ones  " mirror "  the old ones .  how profound .   zombie #2 ,  meanwhile ,  has gotten near the house  ( remember ,  these zombies move as slow as molasses in january )  where he happens to see carole wells floating by in a stream ,  and fishes her out .  how did she get there ?  did zombie #1 carry her down ,  throw her in ,  then zoom back upstairs just in time to crush john ireland ?  apparently one of the original victims was drowned in the tub ,  so wells has to drown too  ( but why outside in a stream ,  instead of in the tub ,  is never explained )  .  zombie #2 never makes it into the house himself  ( everyone's dead by now ,  anyways ,  thanks to zombie #1 )  but instead he carries carol wells back to the graveyard .  as the end credits flash on screen ,  we see zombie #2 with his dead love still in his arms ,  descending into the open grave .   the viewer is left wondering :  yes ,  but wasn't this zombie #1's grave ?  why is zombie #2 taking up residence ?  and what if zombie #1 comes along and wants to climb back in -- is zombie #2 gonna let him ,  or will there be a zombie fight ?  will the zombies share both the grave and the newly deceased carole wells ?  and what about now-dead john carradine -- where's he gonna stay ?  after all ,  from the earlier scenes we know he's clearly at home in the grave .  .  .  if this plot synopsis of the finale has left you confused ,  don't worry cause you're not alone . 
schlocky '70s horror films .  .  . ya gotta love 'em .  in contrast to today's boring slasher flicks ,  these k-tel specials actually do something scary and do not resort to a tired formula .   this is a b movie about the making of a b movie .  .  . that went horribly wrong .  faith domergue  ( this island earth )  stars as an over-the-hill ,  b movie queen making a movie about a series of grisly murders that befell a family in their home .  her boyfriend/director ,  who looks and acts like gordon jump with an attitude ,  is filming on location and on a tight schedule .  the ken doll co-star discovers a book of tibetian chants that they work into the script to add  " realism "  .  unfortunately ,   " realism "  is something they could have done without .   john carradine ,  having long since given up looking for the 17th gland  ( the unearthly )  ,  now eeks out a humble existence as the caretaker for the estate .  he goes about his daily work ,  but always seems to run afoul of the director .   the horror builds slowly ;  a dead cat here ,  john carradine entering a grave there ,  finally culminating in seven ,  yes seven murders .   ( at least there's truth in advertising .  )  it's just sad that the ghoul didn't understand that there was a movie being made above him .  how was poor faith to know that those darn tibetian chants would actually work ?  face it ,  you just can't go around tugging on satan's coat and expect him to take it lying down .   sterno says perform an autopsy on the house of seven corpses . 
i am a huge stooges fan but the one and only redeeming quality this movie has is that curley is in it .  done long before he started drinking heavily he is his classic self in this  ( and larry's not bad either )  .  moe's character is a straight part  ( mostly )  and this movie would be better named  " the curley and larry movie "  .  not that any of the stooges movies were very good  ( in my opinion )  ,  but as one commenter here said ,  how sad it is that this movie had real potential .  the casting was good ,  it was well directed ,  filmed ,  and edited ,  but the story line tried to be about something serious with just some stooges antics and musical numbers  ( which i guess were good back then )  thrown in .  the best thing you can do for yourself during this movie should you actually believe that it has to be better than mowing the lawn and taking out the trash  ( which is subject to debate )  is to wait for curley/larry scenes and sleep or find something in the kitchen to eat during the rest of it . 
not even the most ardent stooge fan could possibly like the movie ,   ( i one of them )  the stooges just aren't given any material to work with .  it is really a shame too because this is the only feature length movie the stooges did with curly ,  and this one effort by them is painfully unfunny ,  when it could have had great potential .  awful musical numbers don't help any either .  the short they did with the same title has more laughs . 
having just seen this on tmc ,  it's fresh in my mind .  it's obvious that while the stooges are featured stars ,  they don't really run the show .  first ,  they're broken into 2 groups - moe ,  as  " shorty "  and larry and curly as a pair of vagrants ,  so there's not a whole lot of full team work .  the love story that fuels the plot is uninteresting ,  the two ladies are the only ones with any acting ability ,  there's another group of musical stooges that are unfunny ,  unless you consider their attempts at being funny to be sadly buffoonish .  the music is tiresome ,  they drive cars to the ranch and then depend on horses ,  the dorky western wear is silly ,  and there's an awful lot of the movie with no stooges on camera .  by the way ,  this is obviously after curley's first stroke ,  and his reduced energy level is clear .  vernon dent appears early on in an uncredited role .  i loved everything these guys ever did ,  including all the non-curley stuff ,  but this little dogie is pretty lousy . 
i agree totally with the last commenter this could be the worst movie ever made  . i too had to fast forward through most of this movie .  michael madsen must have done this movie as a favor to someone . the picture quality is grainy all the way through  . and what little plot there is , is just plain stupid  . i give this movie a 1 out of 10 if i could give it a lower score i would  . don't waste your time on this movie or you'll regret it . 
the three stooges in a feature length western comedy-musical ?  perhaps  " rockin' in the rockies "  was meant to combine the stooges comedy short with the western musical ,  in a matinée ;  if so ,  this was a pleasant way to break up a saturday afternoon .  jay kirby  ( as rusty )  is a handsome young hero ;  and ,  mary beth hughes  ( as the blonde june )  and gladys blake  ( as the brunette betty )  are pretty women .  the hoosier hotshots are a harmonious group ;  their songs are quite tuneful ;  however ,  this is the 1940s ,  not the 1950s ,  so the film doesn't exactly  " rock "  .  there are a few laughs ;  but the stooges' brand of humor is more subdued than usual .  the talking horse is also underutilized .    **** rockin' in the rockies  ( 4/17/45 )  vernon keays ~ moe howard ,  larry fine ,  curly howard ,  mary beth hughes
i gave this a four purely out of its historical context .  it was considered lost for many years until it popped up out of the blue on showtime in the early nineties .   moe is the straight man and larry and curly act as a duo .  spade cooley has a couple of numbers .  i guess it had something to do with working on a ranch .  i'm not quite sure because the plot was so minimal nothing really sticks in my memory .  i vaguely remember it being a western musical comedy .  even the stooge's seem to be going through the motions .  overall there's nothing much really to recommend here .   if you're not a stooge fan then don't bother .  if you are a stooge fan ,  then stick with the shorts . 
i have three comments to make about this film ,  which i discovered hanging out forlornly in a lower shelf at blockbuster .  first off ,  it is interesting to see the approaches film makers take in trying to film essentially unfilmable works .  some have ,  as kubrick did with  " lolita "  ,  gotten the original author to write a screenplay that is something like the original work .  of course that can't happen here ;  kraft-ebing is long dead .  some have used the premises of the original work as a launch point to go in a completely new ,  unrelated direction  ( the recent adaptation of  " tristram shandy "  comes to mind here )  .  you can dumb it down - the film of  " slaughterhouse five "  is to my mind an example of that .  or you can simply take the format of the original and try to render it in cinematic vignettes .  that would be the approach of woody allen's  " everything you wanted to know about sex "  ,  and ,  arguably ,  this film .  upon consideration ,  it is probably the only thing one can do with a scholarly work like  " psychopathia sexualis "  .  the potential loss is that whatever cumulative point the original work had is obscured or destroyed .  and so it is here .   point two is the cinematic style .  some would call it an  " homage "  to murnau ,  pabst ,  carl dreyer ,  etc .  ,  but i think it more crude than that .  its far too heavy handed and self-conscious to be effective for long .  it is eventually just annoying .   point three is perhaps a less intellectual observation .  how did the people responsible for this manage to make a film about wild sexual deviations and perversion that is so incredibly boring ?  i found the film impossible to pay attention to ,  and anyone who is not automatically drawn to depictions of sexual deviance will find it so as well .  i don't want to be completely uncharitable and say the film is pointless ,  but i have to say that whatever point the film makers had is rather obscured by the nature of the source material ,  the overt copying of filmic styles ,  and the stubborn refusal to engage the audience on an emotional level  ( possibly for fear of being accused of titillation )  .   the film is a dubious exercise from the start and doesn't really work for me ,  i'm sorry to say . 
before seeing this movie ,  i was expecting a fictional drama based loosely on ideas from the book ;  instead ,  it's the book ,  interrupted with dramatic scenes illustrating the different  " illnesses .  "  that didn't bother me much ,  but it hindered my enjoyment of the film .  one story or even two or three long stories with excerpts from the book interspersed through the movie would have been preferable ,  in my opinion .  if you're going to base a movie on a psychology text ,  you've got to find a more interesting  ( and preferably accurate )  text than this one .  the film drags during parts where it's little more than a video encyclopedia of 19th century sexual psychology and would be utterly intolerable if it weren't sexual in nature  ( because  " sex = interesting "  for most of us ,  even me )  .  luckily ,  there are several stories with actual character development that pull us in .   but ,  disappointingly ,  krafft-ebing's theories of sexuality went unchallenged ,  for the most part .  i was hoping it would use stories to show how the imperfections of his archaic view of psychology which is still held by many to this day .   so ,  in the end ,  what do you have ?  a detailed catalog of a few fetishes and orientations ,  with some mildly interesting stories showing the trials and tribulations of a few  " sexual deviants "  before they are cured .  for most of the film ,  the film moves with the crawling speed  ( and mood )  of a wake .  and ,  as an obviously low budget film ,  the cinematography and acting are not exactly top tier .  although i *was* pleased with the music ,  costume and interior design .   i felt this film's subject was right up my alley ,  and i still feel it's a below average film .  it deserves a 3/10 ;  a 4/10 if i were feeling extremely generous .  i can't imagine anyone enjoying this if they didn't already have an interest in sexual fetishism . 
a memorable line from a short lived show .  after viewing the episode where that line was introduced my fraternity intramural flag football team started using the line to break our huddles on offense .  instead of ready / break ,  our quarter back said football and the rest of the squad responded you bet !  a fun way to break the huddle that had our opponents scratching their heads as very few of them had watched the show .  using this line added a unique element to our season that i'll never forget .  we had our best season during my time in college that year and in a small way it was due to the fun that we had using this line .  the show was pretty much a stinker but it lives on in the memories of the 1977 pi kappa phi intramural flag football squad at west virginia tech . 
from the stupid  " quaint african natives "  travelogue footage with our badly-superimposed principals acting as narrators ,  to the horrible fake ears which transform docile indian elephants into african elephants ,  to the utter lack of any logic at all ,  to maureen o'sullivan's incessant whining of  " tarzan !  tarzan !  "  ,  there is nothing about this movie which deserves classic status .   4/10
wow ,  this is very unusual in one regard :  usually the first movie in a long string of sequels is the best of the bunch .  people are surprised when a sequel is actually better .  with tarzan ,  i thought this movie was the worst of the bunch ,  or at least the first six which comprise my tarzan collection dvd package .  i will gladly watch the sequels multiple times but i am through sitting through this turkey ,  thanks to several characters .   well ,  let's start with the good news first :   the good - plenty of action with a lot of wild animals on display ,  even if they are just stock footage .  you see lion attacks ,  crocodiles ,  hippos ,  panthers ,  you name it ,  and you see several of the different tribes of all kinds ,  including pygmies  ( called  " dwarfs "  in the movie .  )  since this movie was made almost 75 years ago ,  i can't knock any of the realism because they didn't have it in the movies that long ago .  they do the best they can so you put up with actors talking in front of fake backgrounds .  however ,  weissmuller did a lot of action scenes and was in great shape .  he and o'sullivan make a well-built handsome couple ,  if there ever was one in those golden years of cinema .   the film has historical value  ( with so many sequels )  in that it shows how tarzan acquired jane and his beginnings of learning the english language .   the bad - from the moment  " jane parker "  is taken by tarzan almost every scene with her is maureen o'sullivan in hysterics ,  shrieking and screaming scene after scene .  it's enough to give you a headache and it ruins the film .  thankfully ,  she calmed down in the sequels ,  but not in this movie .  the movie also does no favors for  " the great white hunter "  image as c .  aubrey smith ,  playing jane's father ,  and neil hamilton ,  as  " harry holt ,  "  the safari guide ,  shoot at every animal within sight ,  whether the beasts is threatening or not .  these people are kill- happy ,  particularly smith .  on another note ,  it's too bad there isn't anything in here explaining how tarzan got to be in the jungle in the first place .  there is no history of him in here or footage of his growing up .  he's just there when jane and the group get to a certain point in africa . 
eddie murphy for best supporting actor ?  ?  ?  what an insult to alan arkin and djimon hounsou .    jamie foxx  ( who can act )  walks through this film like a zombie .    beyonce  ?  ?  ?  that was acting ?  ?  ?    this movie pales in comparison to chicago or just about any other recent musical .    if it were not for the great singing and performance of jennifer hudson i would have given this a zero .   and no i never saw the stage play so i am not making the typical broadway vs .  hollywood rap . 
this movie is all flash and no soul .  the actors put a lot of passion into the numbers ,  but these numbers often didn't connect with the film and felt like stand-alone music videos .  and no effort was made to make the numbers sound as if they were happening right there in front of you ,  every single one sounds like its coming from a studio ,  essentially sucking all the life from the songs .  off the stage the performances were all dull and unrealized ,  especially hudson ,  who essentially plays the same angry ,   " strong "   ( she's stubborn and selfish )  black woman we've seen before .  there was absolutely no depth to her character ,  nor any of the other female leads .  though i think the movie wants us to believe that hudson's character faces hardship because of her weight ,  it is really her own refusal to do what's best for the team that lands her in trouble ,  making the end of the film totally meaningless .  hudson's academy award is a joke ,  there was no justification .  when she sang ,  she put forth emotion  ( though it was often misplaced ,  but this was the writer/director's fault )  ,  but when she was just acting ,  she did nothing to flesh out an already underwritten character .  eddie murphy's character is the only one with an arc ,  and he did a fine job ,  but still not oscar worthy .  the only actor who really brought something to the roll was danny glover ,  who took a small ,  relatively unimportant character and made something real out of it .  there is nothing here to sink your teeth into ,  no drama or heart ,  or even laughs .  the placement of the musical numbers was so bad that at times the movie almost seemed to be making fun of musicals instead of being one ;  the number when hudson is arguing with the other girls is so long-winded if it had been any longer it could pass for a family guy skit .  the movie has no idea what it's about ,  and i felt insulted by the last few minutes .  it's a big ,  boring waste of time ,  and really is the worst film i saw in '06 ,  and nothing last year was really stellar to begin with . 
we expected something great when we went to see this bomb .  it is basically a broadway play put on film .  the music is plain terrible .  there isn't one memorable song in the movie -- heard any hits from this movie ?  you won't because there aren't any .  some of the musical numbers go on so long that i got up to go to the restroom and get some pop corn and it was still going when i got back !  if they were good songs well -- but they suck .  the pace is slow ,  terrible character development .  the lead was praised for her singing but sounded like she screamed every song -- it was almost impossible to stand .  this movie has nothing to offer anyone but die-hard broadway enthusiasts .  this is without a doubt the most over rated movie i've seen in my entire life .  a complete waist of time and money .  there is nothing memorable about this movie except danny glover -- who wasn't on screen enough and whose character wasn't developed enough .  rent the video and you'll agree -- this movie was an expensive ,  over produced ,  polished dog do . 
i just watched this film 15 minutes ago ,  and i still have no idea what i just watched .  mainly i think it's a film about an internet s&m  " star "  of cd roms that are about as realistic as flash cartoons online .  she's murdered by someone ,  which causes her sister and a crack team of 2 fbi agents to investigate the death .  the local homicide division of big city ,  usa is also investigating ,  though most of his work comes by the way of oogling the cd roms which he claims are as realistic  " as the real thing "  .  i know .  wow .   michael madsen is the only one in the film that has any kind of credits behind him .  he's in the film for about 15 minutes ,  and half of that is him banging the main girl for seemingly no apparent reason .  i won't even explain the ending ,  because quite frankly i can't make it out myself .  but before the final scene ,  we're treated to a 3 or 4 minute montage of everything in the film .  honestly ,  they could have ran that then the final scene and it would have been the same effect with the cross eyed direction and all .   all in all ,  stay away from this film .  i got it because i love bad movies and i love michael madsen .  i really could have used that 80 some minutes on something else and have been more satisfied .  like ,  playing that game with a knife where you jab at your hand repeatedly .  that for 80 minutes would be much more entertaining . 
i just saw dreamgirls yesterday ,  and i was really underimpressed .  despite all the oscar buzz ,  this is nothing special .  anyone who was really impressed by this film has never bothered to see any of the true movie musical classics .  except for eddie murphy's great musical and dramatic performance ,  dreamgirls is just a glorified tv movie with no style or flair .  just a bunch of amateurs singing at each other !   now ,  the first half hour was good ,  but i was irritated at how eddie murphy's terrific raveup performances were truncated and interrupted by montages .  those were easily the best songs and best performances in the film .  and the  " rise to the top "  portion of the film was the only part of the film that had a consistent point of view or any momentum .  the remaining hour and 45 minutes was a formless ,  rambling mess that was neither realistic nor fantastic enough to be interesting .  it was also visually dull and included too many sound-alike tunes .   condon didn't try to turn any of the tunes into big show pieces as i'd expected they would .  each number in the 2nd half was just one closeup after another of people  " singing "  at each other .  and the way they shot hudson's big  " love me "  number was criminal !  condon just shot her stomping around the stage--no drama at all !  god it sucked !   and note to all involved--that  " sing-talking dialog "  stuff might work on stage ,  but it does not work in movies  ( see embarrassing failures of evita and phantom )  .  all that  " i'll teeeell youuuu something efff-ieeee !  "  crap should have been left on the editing room floor .  those aren't  " songs .  "   again ,  the film--except for eddie murphy's amazing performance--was nothing more than a glorified tv movie .  there must have been megabucks behind the pr work for this film !  i wonder how much money was spent to give it that pre-release  " one to beat "  oscar buzz ?  as a whole this film was ,  except for eddie ,  nowhere near an oscar caliber movie !   ( except for eddie )  i'd rank it right up there with grease 2 .  big disappointment ,  especially after all the  ( very expen$i've )  hype ! 
dreamgirls ,  despite its fistful of tony wins in an incredibly weak year on broadway ,  has never been what one would call a jewel in the crown of stage musicals .  however ,  that is not to say that in the right cinematic hands it could not be fleshed out and polished into something worthwhile on-screen .  unfortunately ,  what transfers to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the stage hit with all of its inherent weaknesses intact .  first ,  the score has never been one of the strong points of this production and the film does not change that factor .  there are lots of songs  ( perhaps too many ?  )  ,  but few of them are especially memorable .  the closest any come to catchy tunes are the title song and one night only - the much acclaimed and i am telling you that i am not going is less a great song than it is a dramatic set piece for the character of effie  ( jennifer hudson )  .  the film is slick and technically well-produced ,  but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lacking in any resonance .  there is some interest in the opening moments ,  watching jamie foxx's svengali-like manager manipulate his acts to the top ,  but that takes a back seat in the latter portion of the film ,  when the story conveniently tries to cast him as a villain ,  despite his having been right from a business stand-point for a good majority of the film .  beyonce knowles is lovely and sings her songs perfectly well ,  but is stuck with a character who is basically all surface glitz .  anika noni rose as the third member of the dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do for the entire film .  eddie murphy acquits himself well as a singer obviously based on james brown ,  but the role is not especially meaty and ultimately has little impact .  foxx would seem ideal casting ,  but he seems oddly withdrawn and bored .  the film's biggest selling point is surely former american idol contestant/oscar winner jennifer hudson in the central role of effie white ,  the temperamental singer who gets booted from the group and makes a triumphant closing act return .  for me ,  effie has always been a big problem in both the show and the movie .  the film obviously wants you to feel sorry for her and rather ham-handedly takes her side ,  but i have never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion .  from the start ,  effie conducts herself for the most part like an obnoxious ,  egotistical ,  self-centered diva ,  who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her rather than having much vested interest in the group of which she is a part .  when she is booted from the group for her unprofessionalism and bad attitude ,  the charges are more than well-founded ,  but the stage show/film seem to think effie should be cut unlimited slack simply because she has a great voice .  even though the film tries to soften some of effie's harder edges to make her more likable ,  the charges still stand .  her story becomes more manipulative by suggesting she should have our further sympathy because she is an unwed mother struggling to raise her daughter - using the implication that  ( much like the talent card )  motherhood immediately makes any behavior excusable .  indeed the only big effort the film makes to show effie's mothering is to tell us about it and then include a scene where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office ,  insists that the girl has  " no father "  and then refuse to look for gainful employment to support them since singing is all she knows .  in the hands of a skillful actress ,  the gaps could perhaps have been remedied with technique and charisma .  unfortunately ,  hudson is not that actress .  she sings well ,  but the dialog-driven moments do not come naturally to her nor do high emotional moments .  effie's signature moment  ( the aforementioned and i am telling you .  .  .  number )  is well-sung by hudson ,  but emotionally flat in the acting department .  effie is supposed to expressing her rage and desperation at her predicament ,  but hudson comes off as a cabaret performer belting out a hot number .  all in all ,  not quite the emotional highlight one expects .  the latter portion of the film is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver foxx into hudson's earlier position and allow her to strut back in and lord it over everyone .  foxx's criminal offenses in the film are undoubtedly par for the course of many struggling record producers ,  but the film's seeming implication that he has it coming because he helped usher in the disco era is rather ridiculous ,  not to mention pretentious and condescending ,  particularly coming from a film with all of the depth of a puddle .  the end result is a faithful rendition of the stage hit ,  drained of emotion ,  energy or anything that can be described as dynamic . 
yeah .  pretty sure i saw this movie years ago when it was about the supremes .   another recycled storyline glitzed up hollywood-style ,  borrowing scripts from better making-it-in-the-music-industry films .   nothing original here .   more make-up ,  glammier costumes and choreography = more money for the questionably  " talented "  beyonce draw .   if you like the throwback style ,  you should appreciate actual groups who struggled  ( without having digitized voices and a hollywood empire )  .   beyonce's involvement makes this hypocritical garbage . 
this was longer than the ten commandments ,  all lord of the rings and the matrix trilogy combined .  my oh my ,  what a nightmare .  this is the single biggest over-hype of 2006 .  there is not a moment that is not scripted and clichéd .  movie musicals can be done brilliantly and bring genuine excitement to the viewer .  dreamgirls takes the route of chinese water torture ,  in the form of endless music montages ,  shoddy acting ,  and poor directing choices  ( seriously ,  mr .  condon ,  did you have to do the old billboard countdown shots ?  it's at #58 !  no wait ,  look its rising up the charts and here is the passing billboard notice to show you again .  .  .  . and again .  .  .  . and again ) 
it makes sense to me that this film is getting raves from hollywood because oftentimes in hollywood it's all just a popularity contest .  it also makes sense when you think that people who are liking the film may just be reacting to the countless songs being spit out at you rather than story content .  yet ,  this film is overrated and overblown .  eddie murphy looks just ridiculous .  no way do jeniffer hudson and beyonce knowles give the oscar rated performance so many have raved over before the film was even out .  i can't even believe that condon is being set up to be nominated for a directing oscar when all he did was put together an album .  glitz does not replace a nothing storyline .  a bunch of songs does not a movie make . 
i anticipated the release of the film as much as any fan of the broadway play .  i waited and read reviews for months about the award winning performances .  i mean with the star power of eddie murphy ,  jamie foxx ,  beyonce knowles ,  danny glover .  .  .  the movie couldn't be less than 4 out of 4 stars ,  right ?  wrong !  i was definitely disappointed by the finished product .  the film did not match up to the publicity hype it was given and the only saving graces were eddie murphy ,  anika noni rose and jennifer hudson .   eddie murphy's james brownesque performance rescues the movie just when it hits its multiple lulls and jennifer hudson's performance compels you to pay attention each time she's on screen .  her performance of  " and i am telling you "  was the only time that i felt the hype was deserved .  you cringed as she begged her no good man to let her stay in the group and in his life .  as many reviewers have stated ,  she steals the movie from the more experienced actors and deserves all the accolades she's receiving for this performance .  anika noni rose was also a strong presence with a great voice and comedic talent .    jamie foxx and beyonce knowles ,  on the other hand ,  cruised through their performances .  foxx's acting skills for this film seemed to predate his extraordinary  " ray "  performance and beyonce knowles was on an extended fashion photo shoot or video taping ,  posing and shimmying her way through the movie .  her performance wasn't strong enough to make you care about her character at any point in the film .   the movie was too hyped ,  30 minutes and 1 song  ( beyonce's  " heartfelt "  solo to jamie foxx )  too long .   dh -- vancouver ,  wa
yes there are great performances here .  unfortunately ,  they happen in the context of a movie that doesn't seem to have a clue what it's doing .  during the first 45-60 minutes of this all the music takes place as realistic performance .  suddenly ,  about an hour in ,  the characters who ,  until this point ,  had always spoken to each other ,  suddenly start singing to each other .  to further confuse things ,  a little further in ,  out of nowhere ,  they actually do about 15 minutes of sung-through dialog ,  then seem to drop that idea and move on to other things ,  such as a number that begins in a jazz club with a drummer and two electric guitars suddenly turning into a fully orchestrated piece with a massive unseen string section .  on top of all this inconsistency in how the music is used ,  is the composers' clear inability to actually write music in the style that is supposedly being portrayed .  while the first couple of pieces do sort of mimic the 1950s motown sound ,  the rest of the film is just  ( bad )  broadway show music .  then there's the pure silliness of snippets of a group doing a bad jackson family imitation and eddie murphy morphing from little richard to james brown to lionel richie .  when he started channeling stevie wonder i couldn't help laughing out loud .  this was clearly one of those films that make me appreciate how little time i have on earth and resent that i wasted two hours of it watching this film . 
i had been looking forward to seeing dreamgirls for quite a while .  .  . what with all it's raving reviews ,  nominations and media attention .  and i must say ,  the first quarter of the movie was good !  it really portrayed the black music scene back then .  however ,  as the movie wore on ,  me and my whole family were bored out of our wits .  the singing just kept coming ,  one after the other .  i mean seriously ,  just one more music number and it would have broke even with rent .   furthermore ,  i noticed hardly any character development in any of the characters ;  i just didn't care what happened to them !  even when eddie murphy's character died of a drug overdose ,  i knew i should have been sad ,  but i just couldn't feel any emotion for that character .  the characters were given a flimsy background about singing in their childhood and whatnot ,  but there personalities were not revealed enough to draw me in .   finally ,  the conflict was simply not significant enough to make the viewer care ,  which goes along with the lack of character development .  this movie reminded me of a copy-cat movie based on ray ,  chicago ,  and rent  ( ray and chicago were wonderful movies in my opinion )  .  overall i think this movie would best suit someone who doesn't really care about an overall story ,  yet would enjoy two hours of entertaining and fun singing performances . 
despite the excellent cast ,  this is an unremarkable film ,  especially from the aviation perspective .  it may be somewhat better than the egregious  " von richthofen and brown "  but not by much .   " blue max "  remains the best of a small market over the last 35 years while  " darling lilli "  is fun if not taken seriously .  it's interesting to speculate what ilm could do with zeppelins and gothas in a new ,  high-quality ww i aero film . 
funny that i find myself forced to review this movie ,  but here i am .   i am reviewing it ,  because just recently ,  i have had the chance to witness the revival of r . c .  sheriff's play  " journey's end "  on stage in new york ,  at the belasco theatre ,  starring hugh darcy ,  boyd gaines ,  jefferson mays and others ,  as well as being masterfully directed by david grindley .   i left the theater shattered .  i am not exaggerating ,  i was flabbergasted .  after almost two and a half hours of a recreated and very claustrophobic depiction of soldier's life in the trenches of the somme  ( i speculate )  ,  during world war one ,  brought to life vividly ,  by everyone involved ,  i came out of the theater with the shakes .   mind you ,  i am not easily shocked ,  nor am i too sensitive .  i am a stage actor and a director myself ,  so i know the buttons being pressed to achieve certain effects ,  both emotionally ,  as well as psychologically .   but what i had just witnessed ,  came so much to life ,  that i had chills in my spine as i left .   none of these emotions came to life ,  while watching  " aces high "  ,  the movie based on this play and even adapted for the screen ,  in cooperation with r . c .  sheriff himself ,  shortly before he died .   the screen adaptation takes place in the skies over france .  so ,  gone is the claustrophobic ambiance to start with .   the only plus of the movie ,  are the aerial battle scenes ,  which look dated in their special effects ,  compared to today's standards ,  but still very valid in the flying tactics adopted on screen .   granted there had been a couple of screen adaptations of  " all quiet on the western front "  by erich maria remarque ,  which takes place in trenches ,  and not in the sky ,  but that was the  " german "  vision on things ,  if one would like to be picky on such things .    " journey's end "  is just the other side of the medal ,  and would have made it into a great movie ,  if they had left it alone and intact .   the transfer on dvd is poor ,  even though in widescreen and adapted for 16 : 9 tv screens ,  the quality of the film itself is that of a movie theater .  nothing more ,  nothing less .  it sports various defects ,  such as minor scratches and dots ,  although the copy ,  for the rest ,  is clean .   if you want another wwi movie in your collection ,  especially for those who love and enjoy to see aerial battles among old-timers ,  then this is a picture for you .  but i rather would suggest  " von richthofen and brown "  as an alternative ,  although that too ,  is a movie filled with inaccuracies .   for the rest of you ,  who love good acting and drama ,  i would leave this one out .  buy the play .  go watch the play ,  if you have the chance to get a decent revival of it near you ,  but keep off this would-be adaptation .   it is an anti-war movie ,  granted ,  but the weakest i have ever seen in my lifetime ever .   the presence of actors such as trevor howard ,  ray milland ,  richard johnson and john gielgud ,  is just a bluff ,  since they are just seen in very weak and very brief cameo roles throughout the movie .   mcdowell ,  the very talented christopher plummer ,  simon ward and peter firth ,  all deliver very weak performances ,  not due to their lack of skills ,  but rather due to lack of true and solid direction .   there are too many gaps in it ,  and as said before ,  it drags itself to the dubious end .  dubious because in the original play ,  none of the men we come to know and sympathize with ,  stay alive .  they are all killed in a fatal and futile mission .  in the movie they all die ,  except malcolm mcdowell ,  who manages somehow to stay alive another day ,  being the wing commander of the unlucky bunch ,  just to receive another three pilots to fly and die for another lost cause .   the end of the play leaves a bare stage in total darkness .  you just hear the cannons roar ,  the machine guns rattle ,  and grenade impacts throughout the theater .  then ,  suddenly ,  total peace and silence .  the curtain comes up .  lights .  and here they all are .  lined up ,  standing straight and rigid .  obedient corpses .  .  .   far more interesting and far more shocking than  " aces high "  finale ,  which is also dragged by the hair .   it is up to you to judge .   for me ,  if i had the money and the contacts to do so ,  i would take the play and develop it ,  the way it was meant .  adding here and there some action scene in the field ,  just to visualize the  " outer "  horror and slaughter going on in the  " vasty fields of france "  ,  around the men involved ,  but then ,  just strictly concentrating on what is going on ,  in that tiny  " shack "  at the edge of sanity and the world .  .  .   want such a movie ?   then ask for it .   this is not it . 
this is not michael madsen's fault ,  he was hardly in it .  this movie was just awful .  if you want to laugh and be bored ,  go ahead and watch this movie .  words cannot describe how idiotic it is .  sorry michael .  the cinematography was dark .  all the other actors are unknowns .  when watching it ,  it feels like a soft porn ,  but with no nudity or heated scenes .  this movie had sexual overtones ,  since it is about a underground s & m killer .  the acting was bad ,  except michael madsen's parts .  he looked like he wanted to laugh .  i hope he got paid well for this lousy movie .  it is something i would not be proud of .  it is not even a b movie for cable ,  it is more like a f and it should never be shown ,  ever . 
before i begin ,  i want to briefly say that this movie in and of itself is very well made and well acted by all involved ,  including whittaker ,  who indeed deserves his nomination .  it is highly entertaining ,  and  .   .   .  taken in the right context as a work of fiction ,  it is a very good movie .  for that ,  i give it the two stars .   however ,  rather than wasting your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere ,  i want instead to point out the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a work of fiction as if it is truth .  i stress that this film nowhere in the credits lets us know that the main character ,  dr .  nicholas garrigan ,  is a complete invention of fiction .  rather ,  it presents this character into a real historical setting ,  and allows the uninformed viewer to assume he was in fact real ,  and what they are seeing is the truth .  i have no problem with the blending of fact and fiction - but to do so in such a dishonest matter is ,  in a word ,  reprehensible .   there can be no doubt that africa ,  along with most third world countries is rife with human misery and suffering .  hollywood has long attempted to capture the suffering of people in these countries on film .  but hollywood also has its eye toward making money .  the only true way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere but the west is to either experience it for yourself ,  or to at least have it captured in an honest documentary .   but these depictions of fictional characters in real historical settings can only do so much .  at the end of the day ,  they become less about presenting the facts for the viewer to decide for himself ,  and more about leading you from image to image and hitting you over the head screaming ,   " see ,  we told you it was bad !  "  the seminal example of this can be found by anyone willing to watch the documentary on the dvd after sitting through the movie .  arguably the most shocking image of the film is the viewing of the body of kay amin ,  idi's second wife ,  whom he killed when he discovered her infidelity .  in the film ,  we see that her limbs have been severed and reattached in reverse  ( arms for legs and vice-versa )  .  this is the director making sure you understand that amin is ,  as the gungans say ,  bom-bad !  but watching the documentary ,  we learn that this is in fact nothing more than a myth ,  which the sitting minister of health at the time himself tells us is not true .   so  .   .   .  what  .   .   .  they just make up these things ?  why ?  because hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence ,  that's why !  they don't trust us to come to the right conclusion ourselves .  look ,  that she was murdered and dismembered is in itself enough for us to conclude that amin was not the likable guy he portrayed to the media - we don't need this texas chainsaw massacre inspired imagery to reinforce that !  and this is just the tip of the iceberg .  what is also not explained to the casual viewer is that lead character garrigan is himself fictional .  there was no young scottish doctor taken under amin's wing .  as such ,  garrigan is clearly present only for the sake of helping us dumb westerners understand the african world .  the producers seem to thing we won't be interested in a film about africa unless there is a white face in it .   ( ironically ,  even the titular character is portrayed by an american black actor !  )  the problem with this is that the movie is no longer an expose of amin and his regime ,  but instead an exploitative thriller about a white westerner coming to africa for all the wrong reasons ,  making several horrible mistakes ,  and then  " redeeming "  himself ,  even at the cost of three other innocent lives .  honestly ,  i have to say it is nearly reprehensible to suggest that the real tragic death of mrs .  amin was the result of a tryst with a fictional scottish doctor - it almost seems to become a morbid joke for the sake of entertainment !  i really wish hollywood would stop jerking us around for our money .  i first realized its propensity to do this with the woefully manipulative a beautiful mind ,  ron howard and akiva goldsman's sugary-sweet adaptation of the life of john nash ,  which deleted the darker side of the man to present only the tortured hero that america just can't get enough of .  the sad truth is that hollywood has been selling us these fakes for years ,  and viewers ,  who are predictably and understandably too lazy or uncaring to investigate for themselves ,  buy these fake portraits hook ,  line ,  and sinker .   look ,  i'm certainly not suggesting amin is being turned into a villain he wasn't .  my point is ,  with the truth being so shocking enough to convince us of the brutality of the man ,  why must hollywood then go to such fictional lengths ?  why must hollywood continue to insult us by holding our hands through these films ?  why can they not trust us to think for ourselves !  ?  can we not just put the honest portrayals on screen and let the audience decide for themselves ?  i urge all who continue to watch hollywood's purportedly  " true "  movies to do yourself the favor of always investigating for yourself ,  and to never assume that what is on screen is even close to the truth ! 
forest whitaker's performance is all the more impressive for making it almost worthwhile to sit through this dreck .   " historical fiction "  does not justify changing history .  the absurdity begins from the ground up with the imaginary lead character played by james mcavoy .  to create a fictional observer for the purpose of giving the reader a point of connection in the book is regrettable ,  regrettable that white people can't just read a book without a white protagonist to connect to ,  but at least he was placed in a somewhat passive role .  making up a fake historical actor and crediting this fiction with exposing amin to the world is irresponsible ,  lazy and stupid .  not making the actions of this creation believable or even sane is just criminal ,  and has opened the door for movies like the one they're planning to make with leonardo dicaprio as a heroic enron whistleblower who never existed .  the logic of the world does not apply in this film where some scottish kid thinks its okay to sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator .  it doesn't apply where the wife of the dictator desires to sleep with some stupid scrawny irresponsible white boy .  for that matter everybody is lined up to sleep with this scrawny ,  irresponsible ,  arrogant white boy ,  he even has gillian anderson licking her comely chops .   let me declare ,  i do not like james mcavoy .  i'm not sure what it is about him ,  but i thought his mr .  tumnus in narnia was creepy and pervy .  i think that kerry washington would never look twice at him so i can't believe that the wife of a powerful dangerous man like amin would risk and lose her life for him .  i don't believe him as a doctor ,  and i just don't see the appeal .  his character seems to have far more arrogance than would make sense ,  and trying to make him look like a badass in shooting the cow was just .  .  . there's that word again .  .  . absurd .  think about it ,  you are watching all of these characters bend themselves into knots in order to accommodate this unbelievable main character and there never was such a guy .   gillian anderson looks incredible and sounds more british than most brits .  whitaker gives a great expansive magnetic performance ,  and highlighted ,  with his incomprehensible pre-oscar speeches ,  just how much he was acting .  it's a shame the film around him had no reason to exist . 
this film can be judged from three viewpoints :  as history ,  as a profile of amin ,  as a fictional thriller .    it fails as history ,  it mentions in passing the coup that threw out obote ,  the expulsion of the asians ,  and has the entebbe hi-jack as background ,  but not in any chronologically consistent time frame .    as a profile of amin it may have been interesting ,  because forest whitaker is incredibly good ,  and if this was a better film ,  he would get an oscar .   ( he got it - which proves the oscar voters don't watch the films they vote on .  )  it ignores relevant historical episodes in the novel ,  which observed amin and the history of uganda from the point of view of the doctor .  it tells instead the fictitious story of the scots doctor and his impossible love life from the point of view of amin .  but the story told is the one incident that amin was probably innocent of .    as a fictional thriller ,  there is no plot to hold it together .  the beginning is taut - it takes cinematic liberties with the novel ,  but sets up the story .  the character of the doctor is well-defined ,  but becomes lost in the second half of the film which suffers as a result .   why the doctor decides to stay in kampala is badly explained - seduced by power ?  why he befriends no-one is strange .  the character of the friend in the novel has been lost because the scotsman has the affair instead of the black doctor - a ludicrous entanglement which does not seem even faintly believable ,  but allows the writers of the film to show the ferocity of amin close at hand .  the man called horse bit at the end is risible .    finally in 1971 ,  uganda drove on the left ,  not right ,  the number plates were three letters and two or three numbers - and where are the equator tusks ?  !    in short - if you've never heard of amin ,  you may want to spend two hours watching this film to appreciate forest whitaker's acting ,  but the last hour will bore you to confusion .  if you know uganda or have read the book - don't see the film - it will only depress you .  and if you want to know why the doctor was so foolhardy - he wasn't . 
truly a disgusting ,  vile film ,  with only a small amount of real humour .   the character of the father in particular is vulgar in the extreme  ( intentionally so ,  obviously )  ,  and portrayed in the most pathetic ,  seedy manner .   my wife and i found this film horribly upsetting ,  with absolutely no redeeming features at all .  frankly ,  i wish i had never seen it .   i consider this british effort to be a sick and gross embarrassment .   those who enjoyed this film have an ability i totally lack :  that of rejoicing in a display of deep depravity and squalor .   the producers should be ashamed of themselves . 
 " women ?  they're all scrubbers .  .  .  !  "    no ,  not a good translation ;  not at all !  this lags behind the previous year's  " dad's army "  ,  entirely missing the special ,  small-screen magic of the seminal television sitcom original ,  and failing to play interestingly at all with the big screen .  .  .  you could just about say that this film well represents a britain entering decline ,  and more precisely even than that ,  a *british film industry* entering decline .  and that is hardly a recommendation ,  is it ?  to be an exemplar of saddening folly .  .  .   all that remains after the subtlety of the tv original has been surgically stripped away ,  by cliff owen ,  galton and simpson are :  endless ,  dilapidated musical cues ,  yawn ,  from the ron grainer theme .  .  .  bolstered sentimentality  ( that shoddy ,  thick-eared ending .  .  .  how much bolder does the second steptoe film seem in comparison )  an increased seediness - with director and writers seemingly detaching themselves completely - fully applicable to something like the 'misbegotten monstrosity'  ( yours truly on this site )  from 1973 ,   " the mutations "  .  there is a strangely botched ,  cut-adrift tone about the scene where harold is beaten up in a rugby club ,  that i partly hate and recoil it  ( so far ,  as a friend intimated ,  from the mood of the tv series .  .  .  )  ,  but this at least seems an original slant ,  and emblematic of tensions just rising to the boil in the britain of 1972 .  .  .  there is ,  however ,  an implied prostitute ,  aye of a 'heart-of-gold' who turns loose woman-traitor 'pon poor auld 'arold - and beyond-caricature writing of the 'class' element ;  not to mention ,  surprisingly misjudged performances from the usually redoubtable leads .  brambell and corbett collude with the script ,  and indeed fail to cure it of an essential ham .  what would anthony aloysius hancock have made of it all .  .  .  ?  i will merely concede that a few moments just about work - chiefly those where g & s play things a little more carefully and b & c touch tenderer nerves - and it is not on the whole an unwatchable affair .    but ,  and oh ,  how this pains me to say it :  it is tiresome ,  boring ,  both wilfully detached from reality and what made the tv series great ,  and also fully in tune with the lazy ,  tawdry ,  misogynist 'fuck it ,  that'll do .  .  . ' actuality of much of what was allowed to pass for mainstream film-making in the britain of the time . 
let me start by saying how much i love the tv series .  despite the tragic nature of a middle-aged man seemingly unable to pursue his dreams because of his overbearing ,  manipulative father ,  it was incredibly light-hearted and fun to watch in practice .  in my opinion ,  it is without doubt one of the greatest british sitcoms of all time .  the tv series has my 10 out of 10 rating without reservation .   this movie spin-off on the other hand is a true tragedy in every sense of the word .  hardly any of the essence of the tv show is transferred successfully onto film .  this movie has a very dreary ,  depressing tone that almost moved me to tears on several occasions .  seeing harold being beaten up in a pub  ( and not in a comical way )  is not my idea of comedy but is most definitely one reason why fans of the tv series will not like this movie .  the movie was painfully unfunny except for the scene where albert bathes in the sink and is seen by a neighbour .   the romance between harold and zita is completely out of tone and it makes me wonder whether the producers of this movie ever bothered to watch the tv series .  in the tv series ,  harold always went after respectable girls ,  not strippers .   albert's reactions to the remarks made against him by harold's girlfriends were absolutely priceless in the tv series .  in the movie ,  albert says virtually nothing when such an opportunity rises .   most movie spin-offs of british sitcoms tend to be quite dull ,  with the notable exception of the on the buses films  ( which in some respects were actually better than the tv series itself !  )  .  but ,  steptoe and son has to rank right at the very bottom of the pile ,  even below george and mildred .   my advice - skip this one and see the second spin-off ,  steptoe and son ride again instead .  it has a much lighter tone ,  is more faithful to the tv series ,  and is actually very funny . 
despite the mysteriously positive reviews and high rating ,  this is an awful movie .  awful enough ,  that l feel obligated to warn you how bad it is .    the movie is set in the final period of the raj ,  during the time of india's fight for independence .  what follows in the ridiculous plot just fills me with disbelief .  what the characters do and how they behave just does not persuade me that the characters exist in that era .    for instance ,  would the young married hindu housemaid from the local village have an affair with her married englishman master ,  knowing full well that discovery of the affair would likely mean utter social ostracization and shame if not mortal punishment ?  unlikely ,  but still maybe .  however ,  would the same young hindu housemaid ,  in the conservative society of india of that era carry on like a half naked britney spears in heat ,  partake in hot outdoor sex during daylight in open view where they might be discovered at any moment ?  that is not only bloody unlikely ,  that is a retarded plot line .   such idiocies combined with the poor acting ,  drove me to leave the cinema an hour into the movie ,  so i did not watch the second half of the movie .  one could only hope the ending is of more intelligence than what i saw in the first half . 
this movie fails to offer anything new to a genre that has traditionally shown the cross cultural love story underpinned by the politics mid 20th century / pre-wwii india ,  where the british and their modern ways are bad and the primitive but honest and true indians are good .  surely such clichéd depictions of the british are rather passé now .   apart from the drama that fuels the second part of the movie the narrative is predictable ,  the acting is pedestrian and two-dimensional ,  and the directing obvious and unimaginative .   the story really needed to be fleshed out and would certainly have benefited from another half an hour of screen time to give the characters and narrative more depth and give the viewer something to feel some investment in .   all in all ,  rather uninspiring .  oh and linus roache just cannot do tragedy - going cross-eyed with emotional pain just doesn't work for me ! 
ok ,  let me again admit that i haven't seen any other merchant ivory  ( the distributor )  films .  nor have i seen more celebrated works by the director ,  so my capacity to discuss before the rains outside of analysis of the film itself is mitigated .  with that admittance ,  let me begin .   before the rains is a different kind of movie that doesn't know which genre it wants to be .  at first ,  it pretends to be a romance .  in most romances ,  the protagonist falls in love with a supporting character ,  is separated from the supporting character ,  and is  ( sometimes )  united with his or her partner .  this movie's hero has already won the heart of his lover but cannot be with her .  his name is henry moores and her name is sajani ,  and they reside in southern india during the waning days of the raj  ( british imperial rule )  .  henry has been away from london for a long time and has fallen in love with his married indian maid ,  despite his legal marriage and child overseas .  what could be better than that ?  they often sneak away for intimate afternoons until some children notice them .  word spreads to sajani's husband who questions her involvement with moores .  she denies any contact with him ,  but moores asks her to leave the area .  sajani refuses because of her devotion to him and commits suicide .  please take note that these events occur in the opening third of the film .  the film changes tone and becomes a crime-drama in its final portions .   sajani's body is discovered right as moores' family comes to visit .  the alleged perpetrator is moores's english-educated assistant t . k .  t . k .  knows of his master's affair but keeps silent until his life becomes threatened .  once he is declared innocent ,  he attempts to regain his honor by killing moores .  t . k .  is too squeamish and leaves him in a dirt path as the rains fall .   i want to warn you ,  this isn't a romance film .  the dvd cover and theatrical posters show an indian woman and caucasian man embracing in an idealized tropic setting .  this image is captured directly from the film's opening ,  but quickly disappears .  then it's over .  it seems like an effort to capitalize on western fixation on forbidden love .  it isn't effective ,  at all .  not only is the movie not a romance ,  but its characters lack any personality .  they are bundles of walking clichés .  moores is an arrogant white man who doesn't recognize his indian friend ,  t . k . 's intelligence .  t . k .  is torn between his own heritage and his educative background .  sajani is a woman incapable of having a choice in her romantic life .  oh ,  and ,  of course ,  moores' family is inquisitive into sajani's death but still slightly racist to indians .  if the tone wasn't so serious ,  i would be willing to overlook these problems ,  but it isn't .  the film is presented with a didactic overtone which highlights its poor character development .   no ,  this film isn't terrible .  other than the laughable screenplay ,  it isn't poor .  the actors are all experienced and perform well here .  nandita das ,  who plays sajani ,  was part of wonderful indian drama water .  even director sivan has an impressive resume .  he recently oversaw the terrorist ,  which is part of roger ebert's  " great movies "  collection .  what happened here ?  why is this movie so bad ?  well ,  sivan mentioned how he was inspired to direct this film because of a short he viewed in israel called red roofs .  apparently ,  the story was  " timeless ,  "  and sivan sought to create a similar experience set in 1930's india .  i don't have any problem with that approach ,  but i think sivan may have been too motivated this time .  the actors ,  cinematography ,  and set design are acceptable but unless you share sivan's aura ,  you'll probably not enjoy it .  my recommendation is that you presume you aren't in accordance with him and watch something else .  final consensus :  *and ½ out of *****
although the actors do a convincing job playing the losers that parade across the screen ,  the fact that these characters are impossible to identify with had me looking at my watch a mere 20 minutes into the film  ( and more than once after that )  .  the plot development is disjointed and slow ,  the verbal diarrhoea of the main character's only friend is practically insufferable ,  the base quality of most of the characters actions and the cavalier way in which they are treating is annoying .   it is typical of ventura pons to put forth crass psychologically handicapped characters .  however ,  this faux sociological analysis is a big step down from caricias or caresses ,  where the characters maltreat and despise each other for well founded reasons that play out during that film .  in amor idiota we are forced to follow the meanderings of a truly subnormal intelligence as he stalks a severely depressed and detached woman .  supposedly this is due to his own depression but the script doesn't support that .  i won't give away the rest of the story just in case there are any masochists out there is he cured through his obsession or is the woman shocked out of her own depression through his unwavering attention ?  even though i watched the whole thing i wasn't made to care even for a moment about either of them .   if you can sit through all this prejudice ,  ignorance ,  betrayal ,  bad dialogue ,  flimsy philosophy ,  etc the camera-work was pretty good and seems to be something inspired by the dogma group .  the makeup also seemed to aim at showing these players in a raw and gritty light as it is the worst i've seen cayetana guillen cuervo in any of her movies  ( while in person she is actually attractive )  .   i suppose if the idea is that we should be forced to see the lower strata of society so we can be grateful we are not part of it then pons has achieved his objective .  the barrage of nearly identical sex scenes was a proper waste of film  ( if the actors had been filmed but once in blue green clothing the background behind them could have been changed in the special effects studio for a pittance )  .  true that i heard much of the male audience squirm in their seats during this but an objective viewing proves that was not the real aim of those scenes .   save yourselves and watch something else . 
a bdsm  " sub-culture "  of los angeles serves as backdrop for this low budget and shabbily constructed mess ,  plainly a vanity piece for its top-billed player ,  celia xavier ,  who also produces and scripts while performing a dual role as twin sisters vanessa and celia .  a question soon develops as to whether or not some rather immoderate camera ,  lighting and editing pyrotechnics can ever reach a point of connection to a weak and often incoherent narrative that will not be taken seriously by a sensate viewer .  celia is employed as a highly motivated probation officer for the county of los angeles ,  while her evil natured twin has become an iconic figure within her fetishistic world largely because of erotic performances upon cd-roms ,  but when disaster befalls  " mistress vanessa "  ,  virtuous celia ,  determined to unearth her sister's vicious attacker ,  begins a new job as a  " sex slave "  at the private castle club where the specialty of the house is a  " dungeon party "  .  two fbi field agents  ( whose deployment to the vanessa case is ostensibly required due to her involvement with internet bdsm sites )  ,  in addition to a los angeles police department homicide detective ,  are assigned to investigate the crime ,  while endeavouring to provide security for celia whose enthusiastic performance in her new vocation is avidly enough regarded by her customers as to have created conditions of personal danger for her .  flaws in logic and continuity abound ,  such as a homicide being allocated to l . a . p . d . 's operations-south bureau ,  a region of the metropolis that is far removed from the setting of the film .  direction is unfocused and not aided by erratic post-production editing and sound reproduction .  the mentioned photographic gymnastics culminate with a batty montage near the movie's end of prior footage that is but tangentially referent to the scenario .  one solid acting turn appears among this slag :  stan abe as a zealous fbi agent . 
leave it to geniuses like ventura pons ,  the spanish director ,  to convince the higher ups in his country to subsidize this misguided attempt of a film .  the sad state of the film industry in that country is a product of trying to make a film out of such thin material .  most of the pictures that are made in spain fall under two categories :  those about the spanish civil war ,  that love to present past history as the writers deem fit .  the other type of films show the viewer with a lot of gratuitous sex because the 'creators' don't have anything interest to say .    as the film opens we get to watch pere's penis as he attempts to cut it off and place it in one of the platters at a party .  later on ,  sandra will show all she has been given for the audience to admire .  the story of pere's attraction to sandra ,  a married woman that seems to be happily married ,  is false from the start .   our only interest in watching the film centered on an earlier ,  better made picture by mr .  pons ,   " amic/amat "  ,  but alas ,  it has nothing to do with the mess we are punished to watch in this venture .  as far as the comments submitted in imdb ,  all the negative votes come from spanish viewers ,  which speaks volumes coming from them ! 
pere is an idiot ,  but he is aware about it and acts in consequence .  his life is totally boring and he doesn't know how to change it .  when his last friend ,  nicco ,  dies .  he feels totally empty and he decides to go out to become drunk .  when he is returning home ,  he crashes with a girl that puts advertisements .  although she ignores him ,  he fells in love and starts to follow her ,  obsessively .  well the beginning of the film is a bit slow ,  and can result boring for most people .  however ,  as action begins ,  it is a little better  ( not much !  ,  maybe ,  the best part is the 5 minutes of sex  ( almost 30 different scenes about it )  that you can see in the middle of the movie ;  it is not good for the erothism ,  but for the funny and unexpected that is the scene .  probably it is the best of the film .  neither the actors nor the directing is good ,  and the results is a boring film that that can result funny for some people  ( not for me )  .  all the film is based on absurd situations  ( idiot ,  as the film says )  ,  that have anything interesting .  i like ventura pons ,  but i have to admit that this is not one of his best films  ( maybe his worst !  )  ,  he knows to do it better . 
this movie displayed more racial hatred of jews by david mamet than i have  have ever encountered in an american film .  the sterotypes are so over the top that my ability to continue watching died .  i was so disappointed at joe  mantegna calling a bunch of men  , sitting in a new york jewish center cleaning weapons  , heros that common sense prevailed and i stopped .  i am deeply  disturbed at the concept that jews are not americans and  " different "  .  i suggest that mr .  mamet is one of the causes of hatred not a healer of same . 
very disappointing film .  by the end i no longer cared for any of the characters .  i did enjoy seeing ving rhames in a very small part ,  and william macy was good as always ,  still not worth watching .  it starts out strong and just keeps getting weaker and weaker .  insomniacs will like it as i am sure it will put them to sleep . 
david mamet is a very interesting and a very un-equal director .  his first movie 'house of games' was the one i liked best ,  and it set a series of films with characters whose perspective of life changes as they get into complicated situations ,  and so does the perspective of the viewer .   so is 'homicide' which from the title tries to set the mind of the viewer to the usual crime drama .  the principal characters are two cops ,  one jewish and one irish who deal with a racially charged area .  the murder of an old jewish shop owner who proves to be an ancient veteran of the israeli independence war triggers the jewish identity in the mind and heart of the jewish detective .   this is were the flaws of the film are the more obvious .  the process of awakening is theatrical and hard to believe ,  the group of jewish militants is operatic ,  and the way the detective eventually walks to the final violent confrontation is pathetic .  the end of the film itself is mamet-like smart ,  but disappoints from a human emotional perspective .   joe mantegna and william macy give strong performances ,  but the flaws of the story are too evident to be easily compensated . 
as a big fan of david mamet's films and plays ,  especially his first film house of games that also starred joe mantegna ,  i was expecting great things from this film .  instead ,  i found myself annoyed by the film's superficiality and lack of credibility .  racial slurs are thrown about without any feeling or meaning behind them ,  in the hopes of setting up a racial tension that for me never materialized .  identity is totally reevaluated and men become  " heroes "  for no apparent reason .  because of his oaths taken as a cop ,  the lead character adamantly refuses to perform one relatively small action that would harm no one and could possibly save lives ,  and yet performs another action which is very violent and very illegal ,  but then still refuses the minor action .  in addition ,  a highly unbelievable subplot involving a man who has killed his family is introduced just for the sake of a plot point that was all but advertised with skywriting ,  and the cop's reaction to that occurrence stretch credulity way beyond all reasonable limits .  needless to say ,  after expecting another exciting thriller from david mamet ,  i was extremely disappointed to say the least .  3 out of 10 . 
i suppose bad laurel and hardy is better than no laurel and hardy at all ,  but just barely .  it's sad that the fox films are the ones getting a big release on dvd ,  exposing people who may not be too familiar with l&h to their worst stuff rather than their classic comedies .   once again the boys are saddled with a dumb romantic plot about a guy who's invented an invisible ray .  he's in love with the bosses' daughter ,  who hates him and prefers some slick guy .  it's incredible to think the geniuses at fox thought this is what l&h needed in their films .   without their pancake makeup the boys look tired and old .  the only scenes that work for them in this picture is when they try to sneak out of a bedroom window at night and the rather bizarre scene where robert mitchum ,  being a classic noir bad guy tries to sell oliver hardy  " insurance "  on stan .   otherwise ,  this script is just a mess .  forget this and see if you can find a copy of  " a chump at oxford "  or  " bohemian girl "  or  " sons of the desert "  instead . 
i can understand after watching this again for the first time in many years how it is considered one of the worst laurel & hardy's .  for me ,  it isn't as close to as bad as  " air raid wardens "  and  " the bullfighters "  ,  but there are some definite huge flaws in it .  the film is set up to show laurel and hardy as the owners and instructors of the dance studio .  hardy is funny as the prancing lead of a  " london bridge "  dance ,  surrounded by 20th century fox starlets ,  while in the next room ,  laurel teaches the beginners ballet while wearing a ballerina outfit .  a clumsy carpenter spills glue on the floor ,  leading to a predicable gag where hardy ends up the looser .  then ,  in come the racketeers ,  now selling insurance covering up their protection racket .  one of them is a very young and handsome robert mitchum .  but no sooner do they bully the boys into buying insurance ,  they are arrested .   this is the end of the gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio .  the rest of the film is devoted to laurel and hardy's support of wealthy patron trudy marshall and her inventor boyfriend ,  robert bailey .  they first try to help them hide their relationship from her disapproving parents  ( matt briggs and margaret dumont )  and hopeful suitor allan lane ,  whom we can tell right off is a no-good swine .  this leads to briggs' hidden bar being revealed to tea-totaling dumont ,  and a gag where a rug is literally pulled out from the wealthy patriarch which crashes his bed into a pond below .  when bailey uses the boys to help display his ray gun ,  pandemonium ensues .  the dead-pan butler announces to case and dumont that their house is on fire .   later ,  hardy wants to use the insurance policy to gain money to pay their dance studio rent and hopes to get laurel to break a leg to do so .  there is no reference to the fact that the insurance salesmen were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid .   ( even if they were to have become legitimate insurance salesman ,  after being arrested ,  their licenses would have been revoked )  .  laurel ends up getting off a bus which had been abandoned by the driver over a supposedly rabid dog  ( only a frosting covered ,  cake devouring toto look-alike ,  or possibly the actual pooch )  ,  causing oliver to end up on a huge beach roller-coaster that somehow the bus has ended up on ,  perfectly fitting its wheels onto the tracks .  roller-coaster gags can be exciting ,  as evidenced in  " abbott and costello go to hollywood "  ,  and this one is amusing but anticlimactic .   as the story wraps up ,  all of these gags seem to have no point ,  giving the impression that this was simply a series of one-reelers put together to make a full-length feature ,  hopefully part of a double bill .  l&h ,  as i've mentioned in other reviews of their later films ,  had lost much of their luster after leaving hal roach's employ ,  but surprisingly here ,  they do not come off as old and tired looking as they had in films made in the same year .  had the gags not been as amusing ,  as was the case with some of their other films ,  this surely would have ranked a  " 2 "  as opposed to a  " 3 "  . 
as a kid i did think the weapon the murderer wielded was cool ,  however i was a kid and so i was a bit dumb .  even as a dumb kid though the movies plot was stupid and a bit boring when the killer was not using his light knife to kill people .  what amazes me is that the movie has a really solid cast in it .  what script did they read when agreeing to be in this movie as it is most assuredly boring and only a means to show off a light saber on a very small scale .  the plot at times is incomprehensible and the end is totally chaotic .  the whole film seems to rotate around aliens and the one weapon .  the plot has two kids and some dude having an alien encounter ,  flash years later and there seems to be a return as it were in the mix .  dead animals and such to be explored and for some reason the one dude gets the weapon of the aliens and proceeds to use it to go on a very light killing spree .  seriously ,  you just have to wonder why this movie was made ,  if you are going to have a killer have some good death scenes ,  if you are going to have alien encounters show more than a weird light vortex thing ,  and if you are going to have light sabers then call yourself star wars . 
for those fans of laurel and hardy ,  the 1940s and beyond were a very sad time for the team .  their contracts with hal roach studios had expired and now they were  " free agents " --able to work for any studio who offered them a job .  unfortunately ,  fox ,  rko ,  mgm  ( without roach )  and even a french film company who hired the boys had absolutely no touch for their comedic talents .  plus ,  stan and ollie were a lot older and seeing these geriatric men taking pratfalls seemed sad ,  not particularly funny .  stan looked very ragged and ollie's weight had ballooned up to the point where he could barely walk--and so it made me feel uncomfortable laughing at their very ,  very sedate antics .   in addition to their age ,  this particular film suffers because fox studios oddly cast them in a supporting role and created a parallel plot involving a young couple--something that reduced their time on screen and turned them into insipid  " hangers on "  instead of just being themselves .  a cute and cuddly stan and ollie is very foreign to the old laurel and hardy of the 20s and 30s--and just seemed awfully strange and suited them poorly .   now even with their age ,  this could have been a decent movie if it had been given decent writing and if it appeared the studio cared--and it's quite obvious they were using the  " b unit "  here--with ,  at best ,  second class support .  in particular ,  there are very few laughs and the last 10 minutes of the film is simply dreadful--relying exclusively on a sloppy rear-projected screen for the stupid chase scene--which might just rank as one of the worst of its kind in film history .   for mind-numbed zombie lovers of laurel and hardy ,  it's probably a film they will love .  but ,  for lovers of the team who are willing to honestly evaluate this film relative to their amazing earlier films ,  it simply comes up wanting indeed .  in fact ,  of all their full-length films pre-1940 ,  i can't think of one i liked less than dancing masters .  unfortunately ,  of the post-1940 films ,  this might just be one of their better ones .  sadly ,  it got a lot worse--with wretched films like the big noise and nothing but trouble .  i just wish the boys had just retired after saps at sea .   finally ,  i wonder if all the generally positive reviews for this film on imdb might reflect the reviewers' love of the team more than it's an indication that this is a good film ?  for an audience who are not already in love with the team ,  i don't know how this film will do anything but bore the audience--it certainly won't convince anyone that laurel and hardy were comedic geniuses .  but even comedic geniuses need material worthy of their talents . 
this movie was long and boring .  surprising that it was selected for cannes ,  although they tend to like pretentiousness .  point is that contrary to other dutch stars of the arty genre like kerkhof and kruishoop ,  guernsey feels utterly empty .  even more so it has no cinematic quality whatsoever .  a long opening shot doesn't mean cinematic depth ,  it's just a long boring shot .  the story wasn't interesting and the characters had problems i couldn't identify with at all .  the actors didn't shine under her direction and seemed lost at times .  leopold tried ,  but she is not the talent i hoped she would be .  where are kerkhof and kruishoop ?  they really made some waves in dutch cinema .  leopold just made another attempt . 
this has to be the worst movie i have seen .  madsen fans don't be drawn into this like i was .  he is only in it for a maximum of five minutes .  this movie is so bad that the only reason why you would watch it is if all the rest of the movies on earth as well as t . v .  had been destroyed . 
guernsey  ( maria kraakman - belgium/netherlands 2005 )  .   the mousy maria kraakman plays anna ,  a woman in her thirties ,  who finds out her husband  ( fedja van huet )  is cheating on her but she doesn't dare to confront him .  she painfully avoids any confrontation with human beings ,  her parents as well as her sister ,  so we have a main character in a feature film that doesn't do much at all .  we barely know anything about her background or her motivations .  just a woman who seems to be stuck in a blind alley ,  not just during this difficult episode of her life .  she obviously suffers from something ,  but why do we in the audience have to suffer as well ?   i almost gave up on cinema after seeing this unwatchable mess .  these were a very dull and painful 90 minutes .  normally i try to avoid wasting energy on bad film making .  i'll take the beating and roll with the punches ,  but in this case a fair warning is in place .  how on earth did nanouk leopold get funding  ( in large part from publicly financed funds )  for this turkey ?  obviously ,  there was no script to speak off .  it could be compensated by an ingenious filmmaker with cinematographic ideas or a cast with only a little more appeal .  none whatsoever ,  just a vaguely defined concept ,   " i want to do something from a woman's point of view "  .  the result is an insult rather than a tribute to a female perspective on life .   to make things worse ,  there's not an interesting shot to be found in the entire film .  i cannot think of a cast who could have spiced this one up ,  but johanna ter steege is a  ( small )  light in the dark ,  if possible with this dire lack of material .  i'm trying to imagine how leopold tried directing maria kraakman :   " maria ,  look at the horizon ,  we'll film you for three minutes ,  just express sadness "  .  a perfect cure for insomnia .  get a copy and watch this late at night ,  guaranteed too put you to sleep .   camera obscura --- 1/10
anna lives with her family in a new housing estate just outside the city .  she has been with her husband sebastiaan for years and they don't talk so much anymore .  while on a working visit abroad ,  a female colleague commits suicide .  anna is deeply impressed by her death ,  even though she hardly knew her .  nobody seems to know why she took her own life .  for the first time anna realizes that one can be an unknown among your most dearest .  anna doesn't mention the incident back home and starts observing her husband and child .  guernsey is the story of a woman who suddenly starts looking at her own life .  and she wonders how she got so drifted apart from the people closest to her .    ( this is my translation of the dvd cover text synopsis .  i hope you find it useful ,  as this movie doesn't have an imdb plot summary yet at this date .  ) 
this film uses all art-house clichés  ( slow pace ,  long static shots ,  minimal amount of dialog )  to try to hide the fact that there really is nothing worth watching here :  there is no plot to speak of ,  the characters are dreary  ( female lead )  or cliché  ( tersteeghe's character )  ,  and they do not ever talk to each other about anything that concerns their rather uneventful lives .  the film is centered around a woman who finds out about her husbands adultery .  instead of confronting him ,  she half-heartedly takes revenge by committing adultery herself .  after a fight and a reconciliation with her sister - who knew about the adultery without telling her - she asks her husband to stop cheating on her .  they seem to be re-united as a family .  two other story lines - the planned move of the woman's elderly father with his young wife to guernsey and the rivalry with the woman's sister - do not offer any interesting developments .  the suicide of a colleague of the woman that seems to set off events in the film is not a subject in itself .  for 2005 - or any other year for that matter - this is not enough to make an interesting film .   moreover ,  what little possibilities for dramatic development there are in the script are not used or are consciously avoided ,  as when both the woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from their fathers house which is going to be sold because of his planned move .  both sisters want this particular piece and given their rivalry in the past - over much more important things than furniture :  men - this could in theory lead to a confrontation .  or the matter could be resolved by one sister giving way to the other .  either way ,  this would not be a very interesting or original development of the story but at least it would constitute some development .  the film clearly sets this situation up  ( with both sisters looking intently at each other during the marking and one sister having mentioned she does not want to draw straws )  but it cheats us out of any resolution :  the scene simply ends and how this - in itself rather dreary and materialistic - issue is solved ,  is not shown .    although almost completely absent ,  the dialog that is in the film is excruciatingly flat and tepid .  for example ,  when during a visit to guernsey ,  the 2 sisters address their rivalry it is in a three line dialog that has a childish  " yes it is - no it isn't "  ring to it .  the fight and reconciliation scene with the 2 sisters is completely without dialog - giving a highly artificial ,  overly stylised and unrealistic impression and considerably reducing its impact .  the way the woman finally - finally !  - addresses her husbands adultery in a single line of dialog has to be seen to be believed - and is at the same time completely unbelievable .  the husband does not seem to have any noticeable reaction or if he has any ,  it is not shown .  the woman does not mention her own adultery to her husband .  the scene showing the woman ,  husband and their young son asleep on an airliner ,  watched by the sister is possibly meant as a happy end ,  but the way the characters addressed the issues of their lives in what went before makes this unlikely .   because of its slow pace ,  uninteresting story ,  leaden direction and absurd lack of dialog ,  i found this film an example of everything that can be wrong with an art-house movie and a complete waste of time . 
for me every piece of art is to be judged by these criteria :  form ,  function and meaning .  guernsey seems to be dedicated to forms :  nice shots and sometimes interesting acting .  the long close ups suggest a function that the viewer may fill in by himself .  because of lacking texts the story becomes a quiz .  an introvert person suggests to have depth ,  but sometimes it turns out he has nothing to say .  this film acts like an introvert person .  if you have not read the synopsis you cannot see that it was the suicide  ( and the unanswered question why ?  )  that changes anna's view on life and makes her suspicious .  'why don't you speak to me ? ' asks sebastiaan .  anna doesn't answer ,  she only starts looking a long time at him without saying a word .  what is the function of that shot ?  what does it mean ?  my question is like sebastiaans :  what has this film to say ?  what is meant by this movie ?  the answer for me :  it shows us a handful of persons with the passion of a glass of water .  the story of their lives is simple and boring .  motives behind their actions are not shown .  the rest is :  skins ,  residences ,  landscapes .  nice and artistic done ,  but meaningless without having disposal of 'instructions for use' .  in my opinion this film is made for fellow artists ,  not for the common viewer . 
definitely the worst movie i have ever seen .  .  .  can somebody tell me where should have i laughed ?  there's not a single hint or shadow of an idea .  the three leading actors are pestilential ,  especially the one  ( i think it's aldo )  from sicily who _can't_ make a sicilian accent !  !  !  not to say about the dream-like insertion about dracula .  .  .  just another expedient ,  drawn from the worst cabaret tradition ,  to make this  " film "  last a little longer .  massironi and littizzetto do what they can ,  but this so-called movie was really too ,  too hard to rescue .  i would have given it  " 0 " /10 ,  but the lowest mark was 1/10 and so i had to overestimate it by one mark . 
i don't know what i missed here ,  but i can't believe all these positive comments by so many people on this film .  i thought it was silly ,  and a bit over the top .  i did like the performances of gregg henry and michael rooker ,  however the others were just .  .  .  boring .   now i like b movies ,  i really do ,  but this was a bit further down the alphabet for me .  i saw someone compare the humor and horror in this to  " army of darkness "  and  " shaun of the dead "  ,  as well as  " on par with the re-animator "  .  you must be joking .  i didn't find this film funny ,  it tried ,  it did make an effort ,   ( possibly too much of an effort )  ,  but it failed in my opinion .  by the time i was hit with the 3rd or 4th one-liner i was rolling my eyes and checking my watch .   there were definitely homages made to several other films ,  which is always cool ,  kind of like an inside joke for us horror fans .  but here it may have just been a lack of original thought .  admittedly there were some nice special effects ,  good gore ,  but that can't carry an entire movie .  the mutated grant looked like a cross between jabba the hut ,  and in the early stages of mutation- chet from  " weird science "   ( after he was turned into the monster )  and one of the alien creature/children from  " the explorers "  .  it just didn't work .  i thought it looked like something some kid from grade 5 art class could have designed .  then there was brenda ,  the woman that grant impregnated and chained up in the barn .  when help finally arrived she looked like a giant tick waiting to be popped .  the design once again was totally unimaginative .  a round flesh colored balloon with a face in the middle .  *yawn*   now about the zombies- the more movies i see with zombies in them these days the more i wish george a .  romero had a patent on them and was the only writer/director allowed to make movies about them .  he's the only person so far to do it right ,  with the exception of edgar wright and simon pegg  ( but that was a comedy )  .  oh ,  and danny boyle ,  but they were a different style of zombie .  maybe mr .  romero has ruined any zombie film for me due to his ingenious ability to get his actors to moan ,  groan and shamble about as if their joints are dried up and lacking even a drop of synovial fluid ,  and their muscles are fighting the effects caused by rigor mortis that had started to set in right before they were re-animated .  the people of  " wheelsy "  just didn't have the proper motivation .  .  .  they were horrible zombies .   so in the end i give  " slither "  a 3 ,  for a couple of laughs and a few nice gore scenes . 
slither is a horror comedy that doesn't really have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other .  it has one scene that is exceptionally good ,  any number of zingers that work ,  but very few real scares and not enough humor to maintain the movie .  in addition ,  the script does not focus on the hero and heroine ,  and goes off kilter in several places .   a major failing of this film is that it introduces and then leaves its hero  ( fillion )  to follow grant grant  ( michael rooker )  as he is first introduced and then becomes the monster .  this whole part of the film drags - michael rooker's character isn't that interesting to us as a person ,  and watching as he goes through a series of motions while acting in the monster's interest might be interesting if this was grant - portrait of a man turning into a monster rather than a horror-comedy alien invasion movie .  in the final analysis this movie's problems are in the script - it isn't that important to the audience how the monster acts or propagates .  the purpose of a horror-comedy is to get the heroes backed up in a corner with shotguns and then throw bugs at them ,  with them cracking wise every time something frightening or disgusting happens .  instead we get an exploration of the alien's habits and tactics that just makes this part of the movie drag .  the ostensible heroine  ( elizabeth banks as starla grant )  is more central to this part ,  but nonetheless i felt the movie had left its narrative track ,  unless it planned on following grant grant all the way to the end .   when fillion and his posse finally confront the alien the movie does begin to cook ,  but once again the problem is in the script .  by this point that audience knows - and the characters should know - that grant is not just suffering from some disease ,  and act accordingly  ( shotguns )  - instead they continuously parley in the face of increasing evidence that this is not something that  " let us get you to a hospital "  is going to help .  although their reactions might have been human and real ,  these are characters in an action movie and simply should have done what the movie promised - delivered action .  a lack of action scenes in a movie with as few ideas as this is a great failing .   *** spoilers ahead *** after the first confrontation and the bursting of the alien larval sack  ( a minor character and perhaps the best scene in the movie )  the script once again betrays the movie .  at this point one of the characters is almost taken over by the alien and develops an insight into the alien .  the writer-director  ( gunn )  chooses as this character a completely new character ,  rather than one of already developed minor characters .  why ?  why did he need to introduce a completely new character more than an hour into the movie that becomes central to the plot ?  by the time this character is attacked ,  we know hardly anything about her and could care less about her ,  even though she is a winsome teenage girl in her bath .  had gunn decided not to use this character and just used one of the established minor characters ,  he could have completely avoided introducing her family ,  and saved time and money .  furthermore ,  the hero and heroine would have been filled in on the alien's plans without all the additional characters ,  and could have gotten around to blowing away aliens sooner and with more vigor .   my last criticism is based on the movie's look .  gunn is primarily a writer ,  or maybe it was budgetary constraints ,  but this movie looked ugly and uninteresting .  most of the action takes place at night in woods or on a field ,  and the screen simply looks drab .  the sets in wheelsy  ( the fictional town where the action takes place )  look cheap .  the whole movie looks cheap .  box office mojo states the films' budget was $15 million ,  newspapers say $29 million ,  and considering they didn't use any name talent ,  i would say the money did not show up on screen .  the monster is just repulsive ,  and rarely looks deadly .   the last criticism is primarily based on the reality of the character's actions .  by the time fillion and co have begun hunting grant/the alien ,  one woman has disappeared and grant is known to have been mutilating animals .  at this point i was expecting the fbi or at least the state police to show up and take over from the hick sheriff .  a woman has disappeared and likely been murdered ,  and a local has been acting psychotic .  time to call the authorities .  but basically i was hoping that would happen because i just wanted some characters who would show up and act .   although this movie is ostensibly a horror-comedy ,  the movie it bears the most resemblance to is dreamcatcher in terms of monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions .  whereas dreamcatcher had much bigger problems with story  ( especially the entire morgan freeman subplot )  and particularly the ending ,  in many ways it was stronger ,  primarily because the main characters were stronger ,  but more importantly because it looked beautiful .  although that may be anathema - preferring the movie that is weaker in general plot and structural spine because of production values - that just shows you how uninteresting i found the look of slither . 
what a preposterous story  , murder blackmail , child sex allegations  , gays and the catholic church .  .  .  .  . absolute tripe .  how is it that most uk based tv dramas  , sit coms etc have to include the obligortory gay , its really getting tiresome now .  everybody accepts that there are gay people in society just has there are other minority groups , but we don't want it ramming down our throats ( i'll pass on this one )  in every single show .  apart from the above ,  the drama went from what could have been an interesting little story into a pantomime , the priest was a paedophile and there are gays running about every where , oh yes just to be totally pc one of the gay couple was black . i am surprised at c ecclestone for even contemplating this when he read the script . 
what is happening to itv drama .  first ,   " losing gemma "  quite simply the worst tv drama i have seen in years ,  and now  " perfect parents "  a complete shambles from start to finish .  whoever is responsible for commissioning this drivel should be receiving there p45 by special delivery .   in most drama/thrillers ,  a requirement to suspend certain levels of belief is necessary so that the the plot line can develop ,  but  " perfect parents "  took this to a new level , i suspended so much belief by the end of this nonsense i felt i had been force fed on a lorry load of  " magic mushrooms "  ,  it was like the scriptwriters had decided to try and create a  " drama by numbers "  involving some serious issues - religion ,  education , greed , fear , murder , paedophillia the only trouble was as the great eric morecambe once said when playing a piano ,   " i'm playing all the right notes ,  just not necessarily in the correct order "  .  for your next script guys ,  i suggest you try reading a few more books on script development than  " script writing for dummies "  .   due to the ridiculous script and the utter lack of tension in the direction ,  the acting was suitably low key ,  not the fault of the actors as the cast was top notch .  but i suggest that all of the actors involved in this sorry piece of drama should instruct their agents the next time the postman attempts to deliver a script from itv drama department ,  make sure the letterbox is firmly nailed shut !  ! 
i have to admit that i liked the first half of sleepers .  it looked good ,  the acting was even better ,  the story of childhood ,  pain and revenge was interesting and moving .  a superior hollywood film .  but .  .  . no one mentioned this so far  ( at least in the latest 20 comments )  ,  when it came to the courtroom scenes and brat pitt´s character followed his plan to rescue his two friends ,  who are rightly accused of murder ,  i felt cheated .  this movie insulted my intelligence .    warning spoilers !  !   why did anyone accept their false alibi ,  witnessed by the priest ?  if these two guys had been with him ,  why shouldn´t they tell this during the investigation ?  amnesia ?  if you were the judge or member of the jury ,  would you believe it ?  is it wise to give the motif of the murderers away ?   i am sorry ,  but in the end ,  the story is very weak ,  and this angers me .  this movie had great potential .  4/10
it is a pity that you cannot vote zero stars on imdb ,  because i would not have hesitated !  in fact i would go so far as to say that this film was in the negative stars .    i ,  like many others ,  bought this film thinking that because it has michael madsen in it ,  it could be good .  .  .  no chance !  this film was shocking !  imagine a movie length 'the bold and the beautiful' ,  well ,  primal instinct did not even come close to that good ,  and i had previously thought that there would be nothing worse than a movie length 'the bold and the beautiful' .    michael madsen ,  how could you do this to us ?  the worst part is ,  i didn't fast forward a bit ,  i was hoping that at the end they would reveal that it was all some sort of sick joke ,  that they thought it would be funny to make us watch such a horribly bad film .   where do i start .  .  .  ?  directing - zero stars ,  screenplay - zero stars ,  acting - zero stars ,  cinematography - zero stars ,  digital effects - zero stars ,  production design - zero stars ,  make-up - zero stars ,  casting - zero stars ,  editing - zero stars ,  trailer - half a star ,  graphic design - half a star ,  dvd menu - half a star .   however i think that it is very important to have seen bad films just so that you know what a really bad film is ,  so for that reason i am happy that i saw this film ,  just so that i have a bad film to put at the bottom of my list . 
this is the first time i have commented on a film because i felt that if the right person read it ,  they might wake up and do something about it .  over the last few months ,  abc family began airing a new format of movies .  i have seen the last three and enjoyed them .  they were engaging and did the trick .  my wife likes these films .  i was looking forward to viewing  " see jane date "  .  the trailers looked and sounded great .  unfortunately ,  this is one film where the book must be light years ahead of the effort displayed by the writers and music people involved with this project .  the year is 2003 ,  the source  ( all bad )  ,  the score was as interesting as an elevator ride in a department store .  it was intrusive and did not add any emotional content to the film at all .  it worked against it .  i work in the business of film and television  .  i enjoy being entertained .  this is one instance where i kept thinking could it get any worse .  the script had lines from another decade and i know these women can act but you wouldn't know it from this movie .  to add to the overall experience ,  the end left me shaking my head .  an advice to the executives at disney ,  abc  ,  abc family and the producers :  under any circumstances please do not hire the composer or music supervisor to do any of your future films .  they have lost their touch and they need to understand what the word  " contemporary "   ,   " present day "  and  " current "  means when describing a romantic comedy .  there is a world passing you by .  all in all a huge disappointment from folks at von zerneck-sertner and abc family . 
this movie is a muddled mish-mash of clichés from recent cinema .  there are some promising ideas in there ,  but while the director was clearly aiming to wind up with a hauntingly ambiguous film ,  what he ended up with was a confusing mess .  lead actor daniel wu does a fair job but with no central theme it seems as though he doesn't have much to work with .  furthermore ,  the movie is largely devoid of scares  ( although ,  in fairness ,  there are some creepy moments amid the drudgery )  .   *mild spoilers*  we have the mysterious death of an estranged twin ,  diabolical librarians ,  ghostly love interests ,  identity confusion ,  death by savage monkeys ,  oedipal conflict ,  abusive stepfathers ,  sublimated homosexuality ,  and crime gang connections .  the only real commonality these elements share seems to be that they cause the protagonist to express a vague sense of confusion and discontent .    perhaps the most disappointing aspect to this film is that despite the brother's death by monkeys being strongly featured on the dvd cover ,  the act itself is never directly portrayed .  instead ,  director julian lee uses what appears to be stock footage of monkeys - not very scary .   *end spoilers*  avoid this one .  for an excellent psychological ,  ambiguous horror tale ,  check out the korean film a tale of two sisters  ( 2003 )  . 
this series has its ups and occasional downs ,  and the latter is the case ,  here .  there's an agreeable amount of spatter ,  with an inventive implementation of the baby cart's weapons ,  but the editing film is a seriously disjointed ,  the film-making itself rougher than usual .  at times ,  the action slows to a crawl as the camera follows the wordless wanderings of the  " cub ,  "  who nearly gets lost early on .  all in all ,  disappointment .   that said ,  there's a spaghetti eastern quality to the music and action that may win the approval of dedicated viewers .  this installment spends much of its time following the minor misadventures of the little boy ,  who begins to stare into the abyss of death his father opened for him . 
 " arahan "  adds nothing positive to the kung fu genre .  to compare this confused motion picture with the inspired craziness and quality of stephen chow's films is a mistake .   firstly the fight scenes are nothing new .  all that is presented here has been done before and better by the likes of yimou zhang ,  tony jaa and jackie chan .  fights in intelligent motion pictures need logic .  there seems no point serving blows that have no damaging effect as in the  " matrix "  sequels .   the attractive female lead so-yi yoon captivated the screen but she never convincingly conquered the physical demands of the role as ziyi zhang had done so easily in  " house of flying daggers "  .  having a martial arts background serves well in kung fu movies .  to cast actors inexperienced in these skills is a serious mistake  ( see aya ueto in  " asumi "  )  unless you are a very talented director which as  " arahan "  proves seung-wan ryoo is not . 
i began watching this movie with my girl-friend .  and after 5 minutes i was alone .   i succeed to stay until the end .  it has been a painful experience .   i liked jean hugues anglade ,  but i think that he needed to eat ,  as us ,  and thus he accepted to play in this movie .    there are only 5 characters ,  and the rest could be called 'art' or something that i couldn't express ,  but that i didn't understand at all .   the only worst movie i saw was crash ,  but i'm pretty sure now that i have enough experience to watch it successfully again .   good luck !  !   ; o ) 
i only watched this movie because i was so impressed with olivier martinez in swat .  but this is no swat .  swat had a plot and some likable characters and made sense .  bullfighter had none of these .    i should have realized that it couldn't possibly be any good ,  after all ,  the always painfully bad michelle forbes had a starring role .   one poster here called the movie incoherent .  another called it the worst movie ever .  both gave the movie far too much credit .  i am so glad i got it from the library for free ,  yet i still feel ripped off .   imdb needs to include a  " 0 "  in the  " rate this film "  vote ,  just for movies like this one . 
i bought this movie last weekend at my local movie gallery .  it was buy 2 get 2 free and i needed one more so i chose this one .  horrible mistake .  the box reads like it would be a really good movie .  well ,  it starts out like it is going to be this great movie .  for about 5 minutes ,  that is .  the movie is about a young woman ,  laila ,  who gets killed trying to save her beau ,  jack ,  from a bull .  laila's dad ,  cordobes ,  is a rancher that the townspeople are afraid of .  he assumes that jack killed laila because she was supposedly afraid of this bull ,  and goes on this hunt to find him .  that was the first 5 minutes that is good .  what follows after that is only gonna get 100 times worse .  whoever wrote the script ,  in my opinion ,  had to of been on some kind acid trip or something because nothing else made any sense what so ever .  jack is on the run and finds this traveling radio dj named mary who gives him a ride .  i think mary is supposed to be a virgin mary type character .  you know ,  jesus' mother .  but ,  who knows ,  i couldn't make heads or tails of it .  as they're running .  .  .  we get to see bad guys ,  magical visions ,  ghostly encounters ,  flashbacks ,  etc .  .  .  and all these things are done in such a way that your brain hurts from trying to figure out what's going on .  needless to say ,  i took the movie back and exchanged it for something else .  it's horrible i tell ya ,  horrible .  and ,  there is absolutely no bull-fighting in this movie .  unless you count the first minute of the movie .  hope i helped some other people keep from wasting their time on this movie . 
some very interesting camera work and a story with much potential .  but it never comes together as anything more than a student's graduate thesis in film school .   there are two primary reasons for this .  fist ,  there is not a single likable character ,  not even a villain we might admire for his/her chutzpah .  secondly ,  all the acting is awful - even from veteran willem dafoe .  the ham is so plentiful here ,  you feel like you're at a picnic - but one of those wretched company employee picnics where you drink too much cheap beer and get your hangover before you even stop drinking .  then you eat an underdone hotdog and throw up .   all right ,  i'm being a little rough on a young director who might still go places - as i said ,  the camera work is quite good .   but i feel cheated - the blurb for this film suggests we will get to watch a  " modern western "  ,  and the dvd packaging has pictures on it that suggest this as well - but nobody actually connected to the film's making seems to know that this is the kind of film they're supposed to be making .   that betrayal is what hurts ;  but even without it ,  the fact remains that we don't like these characters ,  we feel embarrassed for the actors ,  the story is hopelessly muddled ,  and in the last analysis ,  we just don't care .   i took it out of the dvd player about half way through .  but the rental store wouldn't give me my money back .   now ,  that really hurts . 
i only rented this movie because of promises of william dafoe ,  and robert rodriguez .  i assumed that upon seeing rr's name on the cover  ( as an actor )  that this movie would be good .  it sounds like a movie that rodriguez would of made so if he's going to lend his name to it ,  than it has to be good right ?  wrong wrong wrong .  by far the worst editing since  " manos hands of fate "  .  the way it was edited made no sense and made the movie impossible to follow and after the first 30 minutes you wont even want to try to follow it anymore .  i have no idea how dafoe and rodriguez got involved in this film ,  maybe they owed somebody ,  but they are way to good for this .  besides they were only in this movie for a couple minutes apiece and rodriguez didn't even talk .  so if you wanna see a movie with poor editing ,  poor acting ,  and confusing storyline than be my guest but don't say you weren't warned . 
i didn't know willem dafoe was so hard up for bucks that he'd disgrace himself with such shocking hamming in this monstrosity .  hell :  i'll donate that money that i was going to send to ethiopia if he's that desperate .  i have never seen such a pathetic and disgusting film for a long time .  .  . who paid for this ?  they are either pulling some tax scam or insane .  a 5-year old would be ashamed of the plot ,  and i'd rather get cancer than sit through more than the hour i suffered already .  everybody involved should be locked up for a year in the sodomy wing of a third world prison .  avoid at all costs .  i'd give it minus 10 if possible .  .  . unbelievable . 
 " bullfighter "  was made in 2000 but it is being released on video 5 years later for some reason .  i wonder why ?  could it be :  the confusing storyline ,  the incomprehensible dialogue said by oliver martinez ,  and the annoying editing ?  it's got to be .  i think the plot was mary  ( michelle forbes )  and jacque  ( oliver martinez )  go on a mystical road trip .  they meet a lot of wacky characters and avoid some evil ones too .  the movie looks great and there is a lot of style ,  but there is no substance .  most movies ,  when trying to subtle ,  don't call attention to themselves with unanswered plot developments ,  and weak special effects .   don't be fooled by the cover :  willem dafoe is in it for 2 minutes at most . 
this has to be ,  by far ,  the absolute worst movie i have seen in the last 20 years .  when i saw that michael madsen was in it i figured it couldn't be too bad a movie since he has been in some pretty decent films ,  and he was a pretty fair actor .  wrong !  no one should waste their time on this film .  i fast forwarded through 80 percent of it and i don't feel that i missed a thing . 
no scenario ,  bad actors  ( poor melissa gilbert )  .  .  .  beurk beurk beurk  .  .  .   give a such budget to make this .  .  .  in belgium ,  we make ten films which win all prices in cannes with this .   last time that i've seen a such null-film was hypercube .  but scenario was better .   is anyone knows if the director was a graduate in school-film or a cop  ?   the better things in this film was the word  " end "  .   why authorize to sell this  ?  1ç is to expensive .    i've pay ten dollars to buy this .   for me ,  pay for this was my big mistake of millennium .   too bad .   next time i'll break my arm but buy this type of sh*t . 
i am very tolerant of really bad sci/fi and horror movies - i've been watching them since i was 4 or 5 ,  so i've seen some really bad stuff ,  but i deal with it .  i've even watched a lot of scifi channel movies so i know not to expect much - a usually promising movie that has no ending to speak of .  hope springs eternal ,  i guess - or the triumph of hope over experience ,  as they say .  unfortunately ,  this is a dog right from the beginning and i knew it ,  but like a moth to the flame ,  i kept thinking something ,  anything ,  interesting would happen .  it doesn't .  all of the actors give a decent performance - given the script ,  i don't know how they all kept straight faces .  it has something to do with collagen-starved worm parasite creatures who are slowly taking over the human race ,  one body at a time .  there's an evil plastic surgeon who collaborates with the enemy by giving them the outward appearance of humans .  .  . don't worry ,  he gets what's coming to him .  the slug people themselves don't really know where they came from ,  they think they might have thumbed a ride on a meteor that landed on earth ,  but .  .  . somehow they know about the members of slug royalty among them - the slug princess has managed to breed with a human being who knows that she's the worm queen and loves her for her self .  .  . oh ,  must i go on ?  please ,  i implore you ,  do not waste 2 hours of your life watching this .  .  . anything would be better .  .  . think of the worst ,  least enjoyable way you can spend two hours .  .  . it would be better than this . 
i can't believe how awful this movie turned out to be .  i feel magnanimous even referring to it as a  " movie "  .  the acting was flat ,  the editing was terrible and the plot leaves many major questions unanswered .  the premise was ok ,  if unoriginal :  a small group of aliens is living in the us and trying to slowly take over humanity .  but it goes rapidly downhill from there .  how could they convince a  " human "  to accept an alien as his wife in order to make they alien-human hybrid they require ?  they show a larval alien but never show what it does .  they have a plastic surgeon that can produce perfect looking skin on an industrial scale .  they throw in the obligatory huge alien monster with teeth .  the ending was almost too painful to watch .  i suppose that i'm mostly disappointed that bruce boxlietner would have anything to do with this .  how could he say to the huge alien monster with teeth ,   " get away from him you son of a b*tch "  with a straight face ?  it's a long fall from his babylon 5 days .  avoid this at all costs . 
words fail me .   and that isn't common .   done properly this could have been great ,  funny spoof b-movie sci-fi ,  but sadly ,  it was not to be .  rarely in the field of drama have so many competent actors struggled so vainly with such a dogs-breakfast of a script .  i can only endorse the previous reviewer's comments - go clean the bathroom .  in fact do anything except watch this film .   positives :  lucy beeman's nose .  negatives :  everything else .   most apposite line :   " this isn't going anywhere "  .   if only every plastic surgeon could meet with such a fate . 
my friends and i rented this from blockbuster because we saw nana visitor's name on the box .  this movie is a travesty i hope she negates from her cv .   the  " plot "  was lose and flaccid ,  the acting was mostly dry and unbearable in some parts .  the movie made no sense whatsoever .  the rough plot of an alien parasite species that infects humans has been done many times by films with much better scripts than this ,  for example ,  invasion of the body-snatchers and the faculty .   if you ever have the misfortune to come across this movie ,  i suggest you burn it .   how it classes itself as a horror movie when there was no use of fear ,  suspense ,  gore ,  terror or any of the usual horror film techniques i don't know ,  however if you still find yourself wanting to watch this film i suggest you have a lot of sugar before hand ,  so you can find parts of it funny . 
 " they are among us "  is poor science fiction at best .  mediocre acting bogs down this film .  the plot holes are numerous .  aliens that somehow came to earth on a meteor and have been hiding among us for over 100 years ,  but need a plastic surgeon to make them appear human .  in their alien form they supposedly have exo-skeletons  ( which is why they need the plastic surgery )  but when you see them they have teeth and fingernails .  the heroine's father  " disappeared "  after project blue book closed ,  but was supposedly an f-16 pilot .  and on and on .  if you want to see an alien invasion movie ,  pick  " invasion of the body snatchers "  ,  and see how it is done right . 
 " kids like these "  could have been a decent film ,  given the subject matter .  but instead it has become a below-average ,  run-of-the-mill tv-movie of the week ,  with not much going for it .  the acting is stale ,  the plot predictable and the direction non-existent .  for a better movie on the same subject ,  try the excellent  " le huitième jour "  ,  a film that really cares about the people with down-syndrome .  in  " kids like these "  they are merely used as an excuse for weepy sentimentality .  pretty appalling .  1/10
i watch lots of scary movies  ( or at least they try to be )  and this has to be the worst if not 2nd worst movie i have ever had to make myself try to sit through .  i never knew the depths of masacism until i rented this piece of moldy cheese covered in a used latex contraceptive .  i am a fan of julian sans ,  but this is worse than i would hope for him .   on the other hand the story was promising and i was intrigued .  .  . for the first minute and a half while the credits rolled and i had yet to see what pain looked like first hand .  perhaps there are some viewers out there that enjoyed this and can point me in the right direction ,  but then again i know of those viewers who understand if not commemorate me ,  especially when we had to turn the video off ,  and that simply is not done with our watching  ( we had to make one exception obviously )  .    if it were up for a remake ,  i'd give it a chance so long as they had at most 1% of the original incorporated into it .  that's all . 
this is the movie that i use to judge all other bad movies ,  and so far there hasn't been anything close .   the only good thing i can say is that after watching this i know that i have seen the worst movie i will ever see . 
the movie opens upon julian sands ,  lying on his back ,  a black kitten drooling blood into his awaiting mouth from where he holds it ,  about two feet above him .  that was so provocative ,  and i thought ,   " here we go !  a good vampire movie !  "    and then it died .  that was literally the only scene which captured any part of the imagination .  it was slow ,  uneventful drivel thereafter .  i was vastly disappointed ,  as my previous experience with sands' acting was quite enjoyable .  however ,  this attempt was obviously misdirected and the screenplay left a lot to be desired .   even julian sands's questionable performance could not begin to save this already sunken barge of a movie .   it rates a 1 . 1/10 from .  .  .   the fiend  :  . 
i love julian sands and will at least attempt to watch anything he's in ,  but this movie nearly did me in .  i'm hard pressed to remember when i found any other movie to move .  .  .  . so .  .  .  .  .  . slow .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . ly .  .  .  .  . zzzzzzzzzzzz  pop it in the vcr when you've run out of sleeping pills . 
the movie is about two brothers that are supposed to be alike - but are not in any way expect for being smart - one is a surgeon and they other is able to write a computer code .  geniuses as they like to call themselves which sounds very exaggerated if you compare it to personal characteristics can you perceive from the material of the title .   i honestly didn't like the style of the movie .  i believe that anxiety ,  confusion and deep blues it brings are there for a purpose ,  but what i don't get is why there is so much of it .  the movie is cheap on scenes and tells the story basically with no human aspect in it at all .  it gives the comic book like experience .  however it's visually numbing the viewer ,  it somehow brings him inside the blues with brief dialogs ,  monotonic scenes ,  dynamic cut ,  music and abrupt noises .   the movie's storyline is very simple ,  most of what's going on is being dramatically pictured for long minutes ,  mostly in confusing delirium simulating effects of drug use and dynamic cuts .   i will say openly that this movie didn't meet my expetations a tiny bit . 
the opening scenes move as fluidly as frozen velveeta .  the attempt at dramatic dialogue only makes me wish i had better control of the fast forward control .  vampires are usually portrayed as sexy and intelligent or mangy disgusting creatures .  this vampire tries to seduce his prey by imitating a lost puppy .  i usually tally a body count ,  so there was a cat  ( which doesn't count )  a bum ,  a girl who fell out of the sky with a sword in her  ( whatever that was about )  and then the plot .  foley artists are respected for using celery to create the sound of a broken arm ,  but using the sound of biting into an apple for a vampire biting a victim is just plain silly .  i liked warlock ,  but this movie just stunk so bad that we turned it off ,  and it was so forgettable we rented it a year later only to turn it off again . 
 ( note :  i thought i'd be the only one writing what i did below ,  but i see the others here agree .  i guess it was pretty obvious - this was overdoing the bait-the-cat bit .  anyway ,  here is what i had written :  )   the owners have left on vacation for two weeks - a trip to california - leaving the cat  ( sylvester )  all alone and locked in the house .  that means no milk ,  but the cat ,  to his relief ,  does find a bunch of canned tuna .  however ,  to his dismay ,  he can't find the opener .   it turns out the little mouse in the house has it .  .  . and baits the cat with it .  this is a mean rodent who keeps teasing sylvester with the opener and then yanking it away at the last second .  sylvester tries everything possible to open the can of tuna but can't do it .    this is a frustrating story ,  and why they make the sadistic mouse the  " good guy "  is beyond me .  it's like some of the tom & jerry cartoons where poor tom always gets the worst of it even though many times the little mouse starts the conflict ! 
this movie was a horrible excuse for .  .  . a movie .  first of all ,  the casting could have been better ;  katelyn the main character looked nothing like her tv mom .    also ,  the plot was pathedic .  it was extremely cliché and predictable .  the ending was very disappointing and cheesy .   ( but thats all i'll say about that )  .    the nail in the bag though ,  was a scene when katelyn  ( jordan hinson )  was supposed to be crying ,  but the girl couldn't cry on command !  there were no tears streaming down her face ,  just a few unbelievable sobs .  she is not a dynamic actress at all .  she gave the same fake little laugh identical to that of hillary duff on lizzie maguire  ( sp ?  )  .  thats when the movie went from not-so-good ,  to just plain bad .  it really looked like she was acting .    in a nutshell :  this movie was really bad !  it was kind of a mix of every cliché kid movie from the 1990's that everyone's sick of--only worse !   i give it an 'f' ,  because it was just so darn hard to sit through  ( b/t/w ,  i was babysitting when i saw it )  .    however ,  you may like it if your 9 or under .   ;  ) 
i personally hated this movie because it was predictable ,  the characters were stereotypical  , and the whole idea was a rip off of  " the cutting edge "  ,  and  " cadet kelly "  .    the main character is a snotty girl who gets shipped of to a place where she doesn't belong .  the whole place hates her ,  and to make things worse there is a hot guy that seemingly doesn't like her  (  well duh the whole damn school can't stand you )  .  amazingly she finds a way to fit in and make everyone to like her plus ,  gets the guy to fall head over heels in love with her .  then comes the choice ,  where she must choose between figure skating and hockey .  she chooses hockey then she goes to the figure skating nationals , and gets to be on the olympic team .  no real surprise there .   this whole movie was so damn predictable you knew what was going to happen before you even saw it .  this was so awful i nearly puked ,  and by the time i was finished watching it ,  i had an awful headache and the urge to shoot myself for watching such crap .  don't watch this unless you are under ten ,  or actually like crappy tween movies . 
this movie was probably the biggest waste of my life ever .  the acting was pathetic .  jordan hinson could not show any upset emotions .  at the beginning of the movie ,  she was supposed to be discouraged .  instead ,  she bobbed her head with her bottom lip stuck out .  she sobbed pitifully without any tears for the crying scene .  i was almost angry that out of all girls who wanted to be actresses ,  they had to pluck out her .  everyone else was suffering from over-acting as well .  it was flat out annoying .  it was also an insult to figure skaters .  jordan took a month to train ,  and they cast her as a person who makes the olympic team .  it's practically spitting on the effort real figure skaters put into their work .  a pitiful excuse for a movie ,  and a pitiful attempt to associate hockey and skating .  don't waste your life .  it doesn't even deserve one star . 
okay ,  when i came on the board for this movie ,  i was really expecting people to be making fun of it .  i was surprised to see that people over the age of 7 liked it .  i enjoyed the movie .  .  .  but only b/c me and my little sister  ( who is ,  in fact only 10 )  made fun of the whole thing .   i am sorry jordan ,  but that acting was awful .  you know a movie is headed for the toilet when the lead cannot act .  and it didn't even have a good script or plot to redeem it .  i also thought that the character of pamela was very very lame .  .  .  border-lining pathetic .   even with that being said ,  i thought there were a few good actors ,  such as gorgeous spencer ,  hollywood ,  and ronnie .  still ,  not enough to redeem the movie .   two things about this movie that i just can't get over :   1 .  )  that that spencer guy would fall for her .  okay ,  eww .  i looked up the dates and while in reality ,  he is only about four years older than her ,  the difference in  " go figure "  seemed much larger .  jordan is a very pretty girl ,  but in gf ,  she seemed like 10 or 12 .  .  .  she seemed like a little kid !  jake abel  ( spencer )  seemed like a college student .   2 .  )  that there is any way that kristi yamaguchi would come just to skate for one girl .  i mean ,  i know that katelin is good and everything ,  but it still just seemed kinda unlikely that kristi would go to a boarding school that didn't even have scholarships for skating ,  or that a school would have employed a skating coach with such connections .   that all being said .  .  .  it wasn't the worst movie ever known ,  but it wasn't very good even by dcom standards ,  which i consider quite low . 
i can't say this is one of the best films i have ever seen .  but then again ,  i can't say it's one of the worst i have ever seen .   ok ,  so it's basically a girl does skating ,  is good at it ,  wants to go to an expensive school ,  can't afford it and has to take a hockey scholarship .  she has to hide her skating secret from her friends .   personally ,  i didn't like the actress playing katelin .  she absolutely couldn't cry to save her life ,  just made wailing sounds ,  like a toddler pretending to cry to get it's own way .   katelin was just an annoying person .  the way she tried to act all nice and helpful to people .  also the part where the two skaters are calling her names and they say something about her choreographer and she says she 'draws the line' made me cringe .   we all knew where it was going to go with her and spencer .  classically they didn't like each other and sort of get together at the end was just typical .   overall ,  i think this is a movie to watch if you like skating but if you don't mind the main skater being extremely annoying .  it's good to kill time basically . 
the acting was horrible and they got both of the sports wrongggg .  .  .  .  .  .  . not only did they get the figure skating rules wrong ,  but also they rules of girls ice hockey .  in girls ice hockey you cannot check .  you also don't block for someone .  not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big .  i play hockey and i'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie .  also not all hockey players hate figure skaters .  a lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves .  also we skate a lot faster then the ones in the movie .  i was embarrassed by the movie it gave people the idea that we suck .  .  .  .  .  .  . although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates .  .  .  .  . also some of those twirly moves katelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game .  she basically tripped the person ,  which is illigal .  its also unrealistic that she would get a hockey scholarship when she figure skates .  that really made me angry that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team . 
some of my old friends suggested me to watch this movie but i got chance only recently .  i had high hopes of seeing something interesting from kamal hans ,  what i saw was bunch of garbage camera angles mixed at high speed .  i could not understand what was the message except demeaning hinduism .  i am more like many religion type but i felt kamal hasan is a man low character to have orchestrated this kind of thought .  he could have made a horror movie than this crap .  he tried to add hollywood genre of viruses and god forbid he did not convert that guy into a mutant and ultimately going to go for world domination .  this is a much befitting movie for a film school vs regular public .  shame on him for not holding up to the talent he has .  starting of story tried chaos to borrow ideas from butterfly effect ,  then in between little religious harmony at the cost of insulting hinduism  ( once again i insult hinduism more but this movie has no equal and my insult is same for religion in general which may have made this movie intellectual one .  ) 
i normally only write reviews for movies i really hated or really liked .  and ,  as you can probably tell from the number of stars up there ,  i didn't like it .  by now ,  i assume you have read about the plot or maybe even seen the movie ,  so i'll skip the summary .  let's break this down ,  pros and cons :   cons :  the concept :  the premise was set up to be interesting .  using chaos theory as a theme was interesting .  however ,  it wasn't carried out so well .  correct me if i'm wrong ,  but it seems to me that chaos theory was kind of misrepresented .  the event that occurred in the movie seemed more like contrived coincidence than anything .  i guess the butterfly effect was represented by the whole  " god ( s )  causes tsunami to bring back statue .  "  the presentation comes off as really sloppy though .  some people call this intelligent ,  but it just seems to be another souped up action film .   storyline :  is it just me ,  or does it seem that kamal just threw this together to give him an excuse to play ten roles ?  the plot is extremely contrived ;  govind kept losing the vial so many times in obscure accidents  ( his friend just happens to mix up the vial with a package he was sending to india ,  a crazy old lady just happens to throw the vial into an idol ,  half the cast just happens to unexpectedly meet up in the same hospital ,  and the case with the idol just happened to get mixed up with one that belonged to a famous singer .  )   cgi :  oh god ,  the cgi .  it was even worse than the special effects in jaws 3 ,  and those sucked .  right away ,  i could tell which parts were animated .  even my ten-year-old cousin knows that underwater cars don't look like that .    stunts :  yes ,  i now that action scenes in tamil movies aren't realistic ,  but the stunts in this one were horrid and actually distracted me from the story .   make up :  i have to admit ,  they did a better job than expected .  i thought kamal would be playing people with similar skin tones ,  so the two fake white guys and the fake japanese aikido guy caught me off guard .  however ,  it was still pretty bad ,  i could easily tell which ones were wearing masks .   the songs :  the music was distracting and out-of-place in many instances .   asin :  her character was possibly the most annoying one in the movie .  she was loud ,  ditsy ,  and obsessed irrationally about that idol .  i actually found myself wishing she would die .   plot holes and fridge logic :  let me get this straight :  a lab monkey was smart enough to get past a password-locked door ,  but not intelligent enough to tell the difference between a bar of chocolate and a vial with a deadly virus in it .  and then ,  an ex-cia agent who's after the vial figures out it's headed for india .  instead of immediately following it ,  he marries a pole dancer first .  a famous punjabi singer with cancer checks into a small town hospital in the third world when he could easily afford the best medical treatment available .  furthermore ,  he gets shot in the throat with a bullet .  you'd think he would be killed ,  but instead ,  the magic bullet has cleared his tumor .  you read that right ,  a bullet knocked out the tumor .    pros .  .  .  the naidu character :  possibly the only likable part of the movie was his comedy . 
ok ,  if you're looking for another bastketball diaries ,  this is completely the wrong film .   i revolves around two brothers .  max ,  the younger ,  has a major cocaine addiction .  adam ,  the eldest ,  is a doctor .  this movie is suppose to show the plunge from reality to the extreme lows that drugs make possible .  it however ,  does not .  it shows that cocaine can be fun no matter what the situation happens to be present .  most of the movie focus is on max and his parting ways .  eventually adam ,  can no longer take the stress from his job and begins to use as well  ( perscription drugs )  .   this movie has almost no climax .  doesn't descend into what cocaine really does to you ,  has boring and low-budget scenes ,  and the acting of the eldest brother ,  adam ,  is horrific .   i have no idea how this movie has managed to pass and receive awards ,  it is not a heart-wencher .  if you want a clear and true story movie on the extreme world of drugs- rent ,  if not buy 'the basketball diaries' .  and notice the difference .   try to avoid this movie but ,  if you think you will enjoy .  try and see for yourself .  .  . 
 " a stage company cast finds themselves terrified when a bizarre killer known as 'the fiend' targets them for death .  a pair of reporters and their clumsy photographer set out to work the story of 'the fiend' and find themselves targets as well .  just as you think our trio of heroes has the case solved ,  you're thrown another twist that has you wondering who the killer really is ,  "  according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis .   taking  " the hunchback of notre dame "  to hollywood ,  producer sam katzman's lack of studio settings probably helps  " a face in the fog "  look interesting ,  especially toward the end  ( 1930s traffic )  .  the direction could be improved upon ;  for example ,  the camera angle on the fight scene is not helpful .  the budget appears slight .  under the circumstances ,  most of the silent/talkie crossover cast perform it amiably .   **** a face in the fog  ( 2/1/36 )  robert f .  hill ~ lloyd hughes ,  june collyer ,  al st .  john
from the awful death scenes to guns that fire without making sounds to a character called the fiend .  it's all tiresome ,  slow moving ,  unimaginative drivel .  it was ok seeing the guy with the cape and the hunchback lurking around .  visually it was creepy and probably occupied the moviegoer of the time ,  but even in 1936 one would think that there would have been a little more imagination and verisimilitude to even a film like this .  i just kept waiting for something to happen of any importance as people stood around making speeches and acting like they were posing at an office picnic .  and then there are those bullets as a previous commentator mentioned .  perhaps the best clue would have been to search for a water spot on someone's pants pocket . 
i can't believe anyone thought there was anything original or interesting about this movie .  i'm a fan of science fiction as much as the next guy ,  and i can enjoy even old movies with ridiculous premises as long when they are written by someone other than a monkey .   ( see ,  for example ,  my glowing review of altered states [1980] .  )   a monkey could have explained better exactly why i should for a second take seriously the basic idea behind this movie .  the problem is not that the producers had a low budget--it's that they didn't care .   now ,  to publicly humiliate the worthless magazines whose glowing reviews appear on the box :   chicago tribune  san francisco chronicle  san francisco bay guardian   ( actually ,  i enjoy reading the latter two .  still ,  their movie reviewing credibility has gone through the floor .  but i know if i ever make a movie with handheld camera ,  a cheesy plot and stupid effects ,  i'll show it to these journalists and remind them what they said about conceiving ada .  ) 
i haven't seen anything this bad since i walked out of the james bond movie  " moonraker "  twenty years ago .  i managed to sit through the entirety of this one only because of tilda swinton ,  but there was nothing she could do to save this beast .   as a cross between  " pi "  ,   " orlando "  ,  and  " tron "  ,  this movie failed miserably in every aspect of moviemaking .  the characters were cardboard and unable to evoke any kind of sympathy .  the plot was wholly unbelievable .  the acting was ,  with the exception of swinton ,  amateur .  the computer graphics were worse than in  " tron .  "  timothy leary was extremely annoying .  i could go on ,  but what's the point .   the only good thing i can say about this film is that tilda swinton was in it .  i have no idea why an actress of her caliber consented to appear in such a dud ,  but she most likely regrets it now .   don't waste your money or your time on this stinker .  there's nothing worth seeing here . 
encompassing virtual reality ,  the potential of computers ,  communication with the past ,  the ongoing struggle to express your identity in a constraining society ,  and the fascinating ada byron lovelace portrayed by the fascinating tilda swinton ,  this film should have been great .  but it is lousy ,  terrible if you consider the potential !  the acting - aside from tilda swinton and karen black - veers from tolerable to atrocious .  the plot construction is awkward to say the least - the modern day programmer is a dull one-note character ,  but half the movie is spent setting up her character ,  and then when ada finally appears ,  it is to narrate the events of her life ,  not to present an engaging story  ( swinton almost pulls this off ,  though )  .  you never fully get to know her as a real person ,  just an icon from a grad student's history paper .   the digital effects ,  such as a digital dog and bird ,  are lousy and distracting ,  considering it was 1997 and not 1985 .  and ,  finally ,  the script is just bad .  bad ,  often pretentious dialog - especially the fights between the programmer and her boyfriend ,  which made me squirm - cold and distant characters ,  and zero attempt to create a sense of wonder .  the programmer successfully contacts a person in the past !  astonishing !  but it hardly seems to surprise anyone ,  and her boyfriend says ,   " well ,  be careful .  "   ( although we're given no clue then or later why it might be dangerous ,  and it never seems to actually be dangerous .  )   also ,  despite being about computers and ada lovelace and her love of mathematics ,  it is clear no one involved with the script had any knowledge of mathematics or computers - any references to these subjects come across as complete mumbo jumbo that defies any suspension of disbelief .   one scene ,  towards the end of the movie ,  is quite good ,  a monolog by tilda swinton expressing her sadness at the fragility of life but her joy in that life .  poignant ,  passionate ,  and insightful ,  it seems to be dropped in from another movie .   so i am disappointed in this movie ,  because it is a missed opportunity for a fascinating little cult film .  if you find the subject matter interesting ,  you might want to rent it ,  but be forewarned .  see orlando for another ,  much much better examination of gender roles in history with a great tilda swinton performance .   ***spoiler/question :  * *  at the end of the movie ,  ada asks that her memories not be preserved  ( in what i thought was the best scene in the movie )  .  but then the modern day programmer seems to do it anyway ,  transferring the memories into her little girl  ( hence the title of the movie )  .  am i correct ,  that the programmer violated ada's wishes without even struggling over it ?  or is this another confusing plot point that i'm misinterpreting ? 
yes ,  in 35 years of film going i have finally viewed the stinker that surpasses all other ghastly movies i have seen .  beating 'good will hunting' baise moi' and 'flirt' for sheer awfulness .  this is pretentious blige of the first order .  .  .  not even entertaining pretentious bilge .  the effects are cheap ,  and worse - pointless .   the script seems to have been written by a first year film student who doesn't get out much but wants to appear full of portent !  the acting is simply undescribably bad - tilda swinton caps a career filled with vacuous woodeness with a performance which veers neurotically between comotose and laughable 'intensity' .  apparently ,  some fool out there has allowed the director of this film to make another one .  .  .  be warned
this was a nice attempt at something but it is too pretentious and boring to rise above it's low budget trappings .  the use of virtual sets almost works but at some points it fails miserably .  they made good use of the small budget i guess .  i just wish the story and most of the acting was better .  there are a lot of parts where you see what they were aiming for and it would of been great if they actually hit those marks but they don't .  confusing and unbelievable story .  bad dvd transfer too .  it doesn't take much for me to watch a movie in one sitting .  this i had to shut off .  it was too boring .  i can do slow movies .  but just make them appealing in some aspect .  visually ,  story-wise ,  acting ,  etc .  this was lacking in all departments so it never added up to an engrossing experience .  maybe the film maker's next attempt will be better . 
despite some occasionally original touches ,  like the  " virtual sets "  that provide the background for the victorian interiors featuring ada lovelace and her circle ,  this film falls short and ultimately disappoints .  newcomer francesca faridany seems talented ,  but is wasted as emmy ,  a character who by mid-film is reduced to nothing more than staring at a monitor watching lady ada narrate an autobiography .  'conceiving ada' takes off briefly when lady ada  ( tilda swinton )  appears ;  the camera lingers on her facial expressions ,  mannerisms ,  even making her appear to be translucent or momentarily invisible ,  apporting into scenes to dramatize emmy's  " virtual "  rendering of her .   a straightforward biopic of ada lovelace would have been worthwhile ,  but this film unfortunately makes a hash of both lady ada's life ,  and that of a modern-day computer scientist  ( and her broadly-drawn ,  doltish boyfriend )  . 
one star .  that's all this documentary deserves .  i haven't felt this disappointed in watching a movie ,  let alone a documentary ,  in quite some time .   i'm a big fan of the  " walking with .  .  .  "  series ,  including it's nigel marvin spin-offs ,  for all their gleeful fun yet informative information .  and although the subject of prehistoric man has never interested me nearly as much as other prehistoric creatures ,  the subject is still interesting and unique to explore .  having seen all the other docs from the series ,  i figured i need to see this one as well ,  especially after seeing relatively good reviews in other places .   well for those of you who put up a good review of this doc .  .  .  what were you thinking ?  !  lol .   though the information that they were able to get through was interesting ,  the presentation failed in every other way possible .  it had a terrible flow ,  was incredibly unfocused in what it was trying to say  ( with information scrambled and sometimes out of of place )  ,  horrible effects  ( that includes the few moments of cgi and especially the makeup effects )  ,  and overused mtv-style camera effects .   speaking of the makeup effects ,  one reviewer here mentioned how laughable the scene was when the cavemen come across this giant ape and how it looks a lot like a 70s man-in-suit horror movie .  well there are plenty of moments just like that were the people portraying the ape men looked ridiculous and acted ridiculous .  none of this is helped by horrible camera positions and compositions .   the worst part of all is none of it is shown in an interesting or dynamic way ,  or looks remotely real .  it doesn't even look like it was taken seriously .  it also lacked any emotional punch that the predecessors of the series had .  remember the episode in  " walking with dinosaurs "  of the fate of the ornithochirus  ( sp ?  )  ?  that episode still gets me on the verge of tears every time i watch it .  it's this sort of engagement with the subject that lacks here most of all .  when you are more engaged in the subject and it's own personal story ,  even one that is just speculation ,  you care more about the facts surrounding it .   the only saving graces of this production are the fairly good narration  ( at least in the bbc version i saw )  and the music .  otherwise ,  do not bother even renting this one unless you want to have a good laugh  ( which i did frequently ,  but usually followed by rolling eyes )  .  this does not belong on the shelf with the other  " walking with .  .  .  "  docs .   and does it make sense to learn that this doc was not produced or directly involved with the same people who did the others in the series ?  hmmm .  .  . 
if you make it through the opening credits ,  this may be your type of movie .  from the first screen image of a woman holding her hands up to her face with white sheets blowing in the background one recalls a pretentious perfume commercial .  it's all downhill from there .   the lead actress is basically a block of wood who uses her computer to reach into the past ,  and reconstruct the memories of photographs ,  to talk history's overlooked genius ,  ada ,  who conceived the first computer language in the 1800s .   the low budget graphics would be forgivable if they were interesting ,  or even somewhat integral to the script .   poor tilda swinton is wasted . 
many days after seeing conceiving ada ,  i am still in awe that any group of people would spend so much time to make such an atrocious film .   no one ought see this film in hopes of learning anything of consequence about ada lovelock ,  her colleagues or the product of her endeavors .   likewise ,  no one ought to see this film in hopes of being entertained .   as a sci-fi film ,  this would unquestionably be a horrendous failure .  somehow ,  the main character manages to bring the past to life and interact with it on her personal computer--with the advice and encouraging words of timothy leary .  i doubt anyone could suspend their disbelief enough to keep this from seeming absolutely absurd .   as a drama film ,  this would unquestionably be a horrendous failure .  somehow ,  the writer/director manages to fill eighty-five minutes with constant ,  unnecessary ,  annoying and trivial drama over essentially nothing .  i doubt that anyone could feel that all the drama in the film serves only as an irritating distraction .   i find it difficult to fully express my degree of contempt for conceiving ada .  the circumstances under which i saw it forbid me from leaving the theater but there is no question that i would have otherwise .  i am still angry that i wasted the time that it took to see it .  only that i might more effectively criticize this movie ,  i wish that i were more articulate . 
expecting a combination of scifi and period film about ada lovelace ,  charles babbage ,  the history of computers ,  etc ,  i was disappointed by this movies nonsensical pseudoscience and mixture of real and fabulous history .  it gives the impression that its writer  ( lynn hershman-leeson )  has no real understanding of the math ,  technology ,  or history constituting the film's subject ,  but is working instead from a sort of fuzzy artistic impression of them .  this hits a sore spot with me ,  as i've long been irritated by the tendency of the arts to glom onto and awfully misuse science terms and ideas to the point of confusion ,  eg :  emmy coer :   " information waves have a half-life "  ,  ada :   " i'm not at all certain that half a life is better than no life at all "  .   this movie does worse than fail to entertain - it misinforms .  the only redeeming value i can imagine for it is that it might attract a viewer to learn about the subject it so badly distorts .  it's more likely ,  i think ,  to promote a superstitious perception of science and technology of any degree of advancement as indistinguishable from magic . 
i'm the sort of person who went down to the local library and read books on babbage's difference engine whilst my schoolmates were playing football etc .  .  so ,  if there is any such thing as a target audience for this film ,  then i guess i'd probably be included in that .   maybe i just need to watch it again .  a previous reviewer mentioned not to watch this film whilst being tired .  maybe that was my mistake .   i tried my best to enjoy this film ,  and there are aspects of it that i do like ,  but overall i found it amateurish and quite plodding .   being somewhat of a self confessed computer nerd ,  i just can't help but pick up on the exact time frame when the movie was actually made ,  and how the employed graphics reflect that time  ( i . e .  1997 )  .  having played games of the era c . f .   " mind grind "  to cite one example ,  this film cannot escape that 16-bit colour low res multimedia explosion of that time .  now thankfully this has somewhat lessened in more recent years in the gaming world at least ,  in favour of actual game play .   having to resort to watching this movie via a german fta satellite channel  ( as i don't think it's ever been aired on uk fta tv ,  well not recently anyway )  ,  i was mildly amused to see the end credits note gottdog  ( god dog )  had 4 people working on it's design .  maybe it's mean spirited of me to be amused by this ,  given that ten years have elapsed since the movie was made ,  nevertheless the end result makes movie graphics from the eighties look good by comparison .   but ,  as for the main story ,  i agree that the format isn't the best idea .  like others i agree that ada deserves a film without the sci-fi angle ,  and a more straightforward biographical approach would perhaps be better suited to covering the life story of this remarkable lady .   there are fundamental mistakes that undermine my enjoyment of this movie .  first of all the underlying idea that somehow lost real-world information from the past can be accurately reconstructed through some sort of extrapolation via software based intelligent agents ,  seems somehow ludicrous .   also ,  the theme running through the movie that a computing device can indeed predict the mechanics of all things through the course of time  ( e . g .  the winds )  is now known not to be the case .   ok ,  so the victorians may have held this view ,  but the 20th century works of gödel proving that no mathematical system can be complete ,  turing's works on the limits of computability ,  not to mention chaos theory and quantum mechanics ,  have all completely undermined these ideas ,  which seem central to how the modern day researcher's software is supposed to work .   finally ,  the clicking of the mouse in the air to mean  " programming "  is also just plain wrong ,  as previously mentioned .   this film maybe could have been ok ,  but at least some technical and scientific consultation would have given the film some much needed credit in the believability stakes .   i won't forget the film though ,  as like  " pi "  ,  it is clearly a unique work ,  but with too many fatal mistakes for me to truly enjoy it ,  3/10 from me . 
have you ever seen a movie made up entirely of long wide shots ?  no ?  me ,  neither .  well ,  i've finally seen one in  " spring in my hometown ,  "  and i must confess ,  now i know why people don't do this .  the technique is  " arty ,  "  to be sure ,  but it's definitely not ripe for public consumption .  the technique is heavily flawed simply because the viewer has no emotional attachment to the characters ,  and perhaps that might be the director's whole intentions .  i don't know ,  i can't read minds ,  and i certainly don't know enough about the director to make a judgement .   but one thing about this movie that is painfully obvious is its ridiculous anti-american sentiments .  as an american ,  i'm well aware of my country's participation in the korean war ,  and i'm very well aware that we weren't always angels ,  but i'll be damn if i'll take this guy's version of how things happened .  according to this blind fool ,  americans were not only at the root of the war ,  we were the cause of the war ,  and we almost singlehandedly destroyed the country .  whatever ,  mister director .  and i suppose you'd still be making this film in communist korea if we hadn't interfered ,  right ?  talk about forgetting your history .  this is almost akin to making the nazis the  " good guys "  while turning the allied forces into the  " bad guys .  "  this movie is so historically naive and so factually inaccurate that it's almost embarrassing to watch .  for a man who comes from a country that owes its very existence to american interference ,  he sure comes off as high and mighty and judgemental . 
my title ought to be enough .   it baffles me that a culture so rich in literary excellence  ( dumas ,  flaubert ,  balzac ,  maupassant )  would churn out such tosh as the  " nouvelle vague "  cinematic movement .  until the 20th century ,  france had a great tradition of artistic lucidity and clever philosophy .  but the minute you hand them a movie camera they start acting like wooohooo look how weird i can be !  plot ?  theme ?  pshaw !  let's film an amusement park ride going round & round !  at least this is not as bad as godard  ( who has an unhealthy fascination with the backs of peoples' heads .  oh-la-la ,  quel artiste .  )  .  no ,  truffaut maintains a degree of visual clarity .  but so does the security camera at a quickie-mart .  the two are indistinguishable .   haha ,  just as an aside to all you dweeby film school nerds :  i bet the vein is popping out the side of your neck right now .  but don't leave without reading the last sentence of my review .   anyway ,  if you like french literature ,  you will hate this .  people who like this movie probably have never read any books other than the ramblings of jack kerouac or maybe  " hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy "  .  or maybe they have read the lyrics to the doors songs ,  and they think that's profoundly moving .  whatever floats yer boat .  i find it ironic that this film injects some  ( weak )  allusions to balzac ,  one of the finest and most meaningful writers who ever lived .  nice try ,  truffles .  but you're nowhere near the ballpark .   avoid this film like an aids-infected syringe .   if you're the type of person who likes to think ,  then stick to jean cocteau  ( orphee )  ,  robert bresson  ( pickpocket )  and the japanese masters kurosawa  ( ikuru )  ,  kobayashi  ( kaidan )  and teshigahara  ( suna no onna )  .   if you're an idiot ,  enjoy your truffaut ,  godard ,  and andy worhol .  and for pete's sake push that vein back in your neck .  you look like a cabbage . 
this movie bewilders me .  it may be that i'm just a stupid american ,  but i really just don't get 400 blows .  everything i've read about this movie has been a total rave ,  but i just couldn't stay interested .  i'm sure that it was as revolutionary in film-making as all the critics say ,  but when it boils right down to it ,  it's just really really boring .  maybe it's the language barrier ,  may i'm just not  " sensitive "  or  " artsy "  enough ,  but whatever the case is ,  i hated this movie .  the story itself isn't bad ;  it's about a young french boy who is treated unfairly by his parents and his teachers ,  and eventually he ends up in a juvenile facility .  that in itself ought to be interesting ,  and it was ,  at first .  there was nothing wrong with the dialogue ,  but then again it's hard to say because half of the conversations weren't subtitled and for no apparent reason ,  so i didn't always know what was going on .  but for the dialogue we could understand ,  it made enough sense .  the actors were believable enough ,  but it's hard to say what a real person would do in these situations .  so you feel for the main character ,  but only in the sense that when he gets into trouble you think ,  well that sucks .  the plot isn't even your typical plot .  each time he gets in trouble ,  he gets into more trouble than the last time ,  but the reasons never vary too much .  and through the entire film you realize that there's nothing the main character can really do about it .  so it's more like just waiting to see how it ends .  the ending ,  by the way ,  was completely over my head .  it's way too artsy for me ,  and i just didn't get it .  leading up to the end was easy enough to follow .  the structure was certainly there ,  and it made sense as well ,  but everything was really drawn out .  for the amount of dialogue and significant moments ,  the movie could have been an hour shorter .  it just didn't end .  part of it was the unnecessarily long shots ,  none of which were especially memorable ;  for example ,  the ending was a clip of the main character running down a country road that lasted a good thirty seconds .  now ,  i'm sure that had some deeper meaning in it somewhere ,  but for the average viewer ,  i'd rather have gotten up to get some more food during that time .  or at least done something a little more useful than sit and watch this boy running ,  like doing my laundry ,  or taking a nap .    final verdict   the feeling throughout the whole movie was that this probably would be very moving and just amazing and that it would teach me some great life lesson ,  if i could only get what the director was trying to say by his unique decisions .  as it was ,  i just felt cheated out of a good two hours of my life . 
this is the sort of thing that only now thrills the film eggheads .  after all ,  feierstein's flex crush will have you know that real men don't watch anything by truffaut .    it might have been interesting if truffaut had anything to -say- here .  the camera-as-voyeur motif was nothing new .  have we all forgotten de sica's  " bicycle thief "  ?  or anything by hitchcock ?   so all we get is the extended metaphor of the juvenile as truffaut ,  who spends all his free time 'screwing up his eyes' at the movies ,  who wrecks schoolroom discipline ,  gets accused of plagiarism ( the many petty thefts )  ,  and ultimately escapes societal confines to make 'his own movie' .  sorry .  .  . been there ,  done that too many times for this to matter . 
6/10 acting ,  not great but some good acting .   4/10 director ,  makes some stupid decisions for this film .   2/10 writer ,  story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws .   4/10 overall score for this movie .   don't waste your time with this film ,  it's not worth it .  i gave 4 for this movie and it may be too much .  characters are so over exaggerated than they can ever be in real life and some pretty unexplainable stuff happens  " storywise "  ,  not in good way .  because of the style this film has been filmed you get bored after 30 minutes  ( too many special effects :  slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards )  .  it's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth but there's too many tracks in this one .  in the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics
this film aka  " the four hundred blows "  is a mistranslation . faire les 400 coups "  means " to live a wild life .  as a french , i'm stunned when i see the popularity of this good  , but by no means outstanding film .  1 . it's not the first film of the  " nouvelle vague "  move ; check agnes varda's  " la pointe courte "  ,  ( 1956 ) alain resnais's  " hiroshima mon amour "  ( 1958 )  , claude chabrol's  " le beau serge "  ( 1958 )  are anterior  . historically ,  " les 400 coups  "  comes after .  2 . the  " nouvelle vague "  was sometimes ponderous and hard on their predecessors : overnight , julien duvivier , henri-george clouzot , claude autant-lara  , yves allégret and a lot of others were doomed to oblivion . this selfishness and this contempt is typically  " nouvelle vague "  . you 've never heard  ( or read )  the great generation of the thirties  ( renoir , carné , grémillon , duvivier already , feyder )  laugh at  , say , maurice tourneur or max linder . so , thanks to truffaut and co , some people will never discover some gems of the french fifties or forties ( duvuvier's  " sous le ciel de paris "  , autant-lara's  " douce "  , yves allégret's  " une si jolie petite plage  "  and  " manèges "  )  . the novelle vague clique went as far as saying that william wyler , georges stevens and fred zinemann were worthless !  3 .  " les 400 coups  "  is technically rather disappointing : it's very academic  , the story is as linear as it can be , the teachers are caricatures , and the mother claire maurier delivers such memorable lines as  ( you've got to be a french circa 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is )  :  well  , your father 's got only his brevet  ( junior school diploma ) and , as for me  , i've got only my high school diploma ! you've got to know , that circa 1960 , hardly 10%of the pupils had the hsd in france !  antoine doinel should have been proud of his mother after all ! she wants him to have diplomas , who can blame her ?  4 . compared to the innovations of  " hiroshima mon amour "  , which features a brand new form , and a new  " fragmented  "  content ,  " les 400 coups  "  pales into significance . truffaut will master a new form only with the highly superior  " jules and jim "  ,  helped by the incomparable jeanne moreau .  5 . the interpretation is rather stiff ; jean-pierre léaud  , arguably listenable when dubbed in english  , is still decent , but he will soon degenerate into the most affected of his generation .  6 . the topic=stolen childhood had better days , before  ( julien duvivier's  " poil de carotte "   , luis bunuel's  " los olvidados "  )  and will have after  ( maurice pialat's  " l'enfance nue "  , kenneth loach's  " kes "  )  i do not want to demean truffaut , his movie is not bad , but , frankly , french movie buffs , prefer  " jules and jim "   " l'enfant sauvage "   ( a film honest  , true and commercially uncompromizing to a fault )  " l'argent de poche "  ( as academic as  " 400 coups "  but much more funny ) or his nice hitchcock pastiche  " vivement dimanche "  .   
  this movie sucks big time .  it reminded me of the movie resurrection  ( christopher lambert )  ,  which i also found extremely boring .  and  " semana santa "  is in every way an even poorer movie .   only fine one in the cast doing something for this movie is alida valli .  alida is one of the grand old ladies in european movie history .  i loved her maniacal looks in  " suspiria "  and  " inferno "   ( dario argento )  .  i will not spend more time dealing with this movie .  i will say another good thing about this movie .  .  . use it if you want to fall asleep very quickly .  .  . 
this has got to be the most stupid film i have ever seen  ( spoilers ahead )  !  first of all ,  the plot is stupid .  the little kid is weird and they move to a hotel because his father is the caretaker of it .  we find that the kid has a gift ,  the  " shining "  .  this gift never ever has anything to do with anything except to make the kid seem cool .  then the movie gets more boring and boring until the man finally goes crazy .  he goes on a rampage to kill the kid and his wife because .  .  .  well ,  he feels like it .  why else would he do it ?  all of a sudden we see a naked woman in the tub .  the man kisses her and realizes he is kissing a dead corpse ,  which is utterly disgusting .  somehow a black man enters the hotel and is whacked with an axe .  then the kid and the woman take the black man's vehicle and leave the father ,  who dies within minutes of hypothermia .  most movies aren't a complete waste of time ,  but this falls right into that category .  the music is trashy ,  the characters are corny  ( except jack nicholson ,  who is a good actor )  ,  the plot is twisted and fits the description of vomit ,  the ending is very predictable ,  the storyline is slow ,  tedious ,  and boring .  this movie is extremely overrated .  avoid this movie at all costs .  i'm surprised it's gotten such a high rating on imdb . 
i seems in the beginning a interesting film ,  a spanish thriller in a interesting nowadays madrid ,  but it isn`t none of that ,  is actually a film only interesting for future films directors learning about what not to do making a film ,  it can`t be worse in others words ,  even the presence of a oscar winner  (  mira sorvino  )  isn`t enough to justify the $ 3 . 00 dollars expended to see this film  ,  the acting is horrendous and it seems the actors were just waiting to finish the daily shots to go home ,  it lead to nowhere and is boring ,  weak and bad ,  don`t expend time or money on this film . 
with all the european studios involved in this one ,  you would think you'd at least get some pretty photography ;  but the local color is kept to a minimum .   irritation #1 is mira sorvino using a russian accent in order to play a spanish cop - wtf ?  the story is hopelessly confused .  there's a supposed romantic back story that is intentionally confused - is she or isn't she a lesbian ?  - serving no purpose whatsoever .  the cops in the movie are the most stupid to have graced a serial killer film in a long time .  there seems to be some message about the mid-'30s spanish civil war but since pretty much everybody involved in that is dead ,  one doesn't see the point in it .   despite the bull-fighting backdrop of part of the narrative  ( which part ?  who can tell )  ,  you never even get a good look at a bull fight .  earnest hemingway would have punched the director in the nose - with my blessings . 
semana santa is jaw-droppingly bad .  it's so wrong in so many ways i don't where to begin .  so ,  let's see .  .  . mira sorvino ,  whose judge husband has been shot while protecting her ,  goes from madrid to seville for her cop job .  during the holy week  ( semana santa ,  see ?  .  .  . everybody begins to fall sleep .  . told u it was bad in so many points ,  even from the beginning )  ,  a killer executes his victims like bulls in a bullfighting arena .  she teams up with male chauvinist pig olivier martinez and nice feodor atkine .  soon she discovers she'll be the next target of the killer  ( who wears a red robe )  .  why ,  oh but why ?   why .  .  ; that's the questionthat has been in my head the whole movie .   q  : why did go to see that a  :  because i love mira sorvino  ( i even excuse her for that at first sight crap )   q  :  why were we only 8 people in the theater this saturday on the first week end of release ?  a  :  ah-ah-ah .  spider-man got relaesed the same day .  but also the fact that the movie has been blast with execrable reviews .   q  :  why this movie has been made ?  a  :  money i guess .  but boy did mira need the money .   then .  .  . why ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  first of all ,  there's always something wrong with european co-productions .  here you got a french-english-german-italian-spanish-danish production .  yi-ha .   then it wants to play on the same playgroung as us thrillers/slashers/whodunit/mysteries/whatever .  even valentine ,  though unnecessary and badly scripted and shot ,  was much better in the suspense and the fun .   then  ,  to give some credit to the story ,  the screenwriter wanted to add some political sight to the story .  wrong  :  done in flash-backs in a traffic-like photography ,  it's certainly the most interesting thing i n the movie .  could have stick to it ,  it wouldn't have to sit through the whole movie .  better go straight to guillermo del tros's the devil's backbone  ( el espinazo del diablo ) for some clever fun .   then the homophobia .  bullseye !  the first victims are s&m drug addicted gay twins who got stabbed to death .  the annoying olivier martinez goes to a dating agency held by a badly shaved overweight transvestive with a blond platinum wig .  calls mira sorvino's character a big dyke all the time .  do we need this kind of stuff ?  nah .  just needless offensive remarks ,  just like ol'times .   then the suspense .  yipee .  no apparent motive .  the first murders are plain illusion as they're a representation of a famous painting .  but no .  and the revelation of the killer  ( a horrible fascist ,  of course )  could have been done from the beginning as he appears at the end of the movie as ,  i guess ,  it was time for the director to say  " weel ,  time to finish that damn movie .  let's reveal right now who the killer is and why he kills "  .   then the director thinks he's a director .  wrong  :  no sense of suspense ,  no sense of directing the actors ,  no knowledge of change of pace .  a giant ,  mega-bore .  the scenes of the holy week are needless  ( maybe a co-production rule saying  :  ok ,  shoot in sevilla but show some creditsof this beautiful and historical town with the celebrations of easter .  there we are  :  a mystery movie for tourists !  )   then the actors .  all wrongs .  mira sorvino bores herself to death  :  she does practicly nothing except getting stabbed in the right hand .  everything she did best  ( the replacement killers ,  mighty aphrodite .  .  .  )  were like they never existed .  olivier martinez .  .  . hello ,  anybody here ?  when the producers will learn that he's not an actor but a mannequin with no ability of speech nor feelings ?  feodor atkine ,  bland and transparent .  only do we pay great respect to alida valli ,  one of the greatest actress this last century  ( and i hope for some more roles in this current one )  .  she's tha main attraction here as she's the only one to give life to her poor lines .  i won't mention the other actors as they're only one-sided characters ,  uninteresting and shallow .   incoherent direction ,  inconsistent actors ,  implausible plot .  idiocy incarnated .   superwonderscope says  :  1  
 " semana santa "  or  " angel of death "  is a very weak movie .  mira sorvino plays a detective who is trying to find a killer who shoots arrows in people .  mira has an italian accent which falters from time to time .  couldn't she just speak english ?  all the other characters have a forced mexican\english accent which is distracting .  the dialogue is very bad and the delivery of it is wooden .  the cinematography looks nice ,  but that's not enough to save this tripe .  this next part of this review does contain spoilers !  !  !  !    during the climax it looks like the villain is going to get away ,  but then he comes back down stairs to get shot and do a cool stunt down the railing .  that just shows this script has no originality whatsoever .  avoid ! 
this may actually be the worst movie that i have ever scene .  incoherent would be a compliment .  even the end made no sense but it was a tremendous relief that it was finally over .  i watched it with a kind of fatalistic fascination to see if it could continue to deteriorate and it did .  by the end of this mess i was sorry any of the characters survived and i wasn't feeling too charitable about the actors either . if you want to watch a train wreck ,  i recommend hanging out at a train station .  even waiting on a deserted train platform beats this mess .  apparently i haven't vented enough to fill up my prescribed ten lines so ,  at the risk of redundancy ,  i will say it one more time .  this movie is a zero and it would be less if i had a word for an even lower rating .  how about minus zero ? 
i agree with the previous comment ,  what a disappointment .  rented it thinking it was going to be a good movie since mira and olivier where in it .  i was surprised by their performance ,  expected more since they're good actors .   thought it was a slow beginning but it got worse .  i even laughed at some bad stunts !  !  when is supposed to be a mystery movie .  you can even guess who is the killer beforehand !  !  !    for real what happened ?  ?    sorry to say but don't even bother you'll waste time and money .   boring !  !  ! 
it was agonizingly bad movie .  it will eat your heart out while you watch it .  i beg you :  don't watch this movie !  you will hate you losing 1 , 5 hours of your lifetime !  it's not as some movies that are so bad that you can watch those and enjoy .  .  .  this movie is boring as .  .  .  there is nothing as boring as this movie .  you will hate yourself after watching this movie till the end .  and you will hate yourself that you didn't listen to me .   i hate myself .  i tortured myself and i did watch this movie to the end .  now excuse me ,  i will shot myself .  i have seen all .   please .  read this very carefully .  don't watch this film .   please ! 
i saw this movie for a number of reasons the main being mira sorvino .  with her on the cast it couldn't be so bad .  and it even seemed like it had some mystery and olivier martinez was her boyfriend at the time and he was pretty good in `unfaithful' .  the story is set in spain so it could be an exotic entertaining movie with one of my favorite actresses .   if you're thinking about the same thing let me warn you :  this is a truly awful ,  uninteresting ,  boring movie .  the only adjective that comes to mind is pathetic .   the story is contrived with sub-plots that add nothing to the narrative .  they try to build a slasher/thriller with a look at fascism in spain but fail horribly .  the twists have no credibility and the so-called investigation leads nowhere .   the characters are paper-thin !  i didn't care about anyone .  more than that they're irritating and pretty hateful people .   the acting is atrocious .  mira what is wrong with you ?  why mira ?  you're an oscar winner !  keep some dignity !  her character was weak but that is no excuse for such an awful performance .  she seems to be sleepwalking all movie long .  come to think of it ,  i actually think i saw her eyes slowly closing in some scenes .  i used to think this woman was sexy .  well she isn't here .  if you want to look at some skin try romi and michelle because there's nothing to see here .  and that accent ?  my god .  .  .   olivier martinez is even worst .  it's too painful to remember his performance to describe it here .  im sorry but i can´t .  ive suffered enough with this garbage .   this whole movie is depressing !  it's so bad in every way it's a wonder how it was even made .  a lousy team to produce a lousy script and make some money over the actor's name .  don't fall for it .   avoid it !   
when we were in junior high school ,  some of us boys would occasionally set off stinkbombs .  it was considered funny then .  but the producers ,  directors and cast of  " semana santa "   (  " angel of death "  in the dvd section of your local video rental )  are adults and they are still setting them off .   like the previous reviewer who wondered if the cast were anxious to get off the set and home ,  i doubt more than one take was done for any of the scenes .   mira sorvino ,  hot in  " mighty aphrodite "  and other top-rated films ,  seems to have undersold herself to this project .  her acting is non-existent ,  confined mostly to wistful stares that are supposed to indicate how  " sensitive "  she is to the plight of the film's various victims .   but let me warn you--do not be the next victim !  step away from the dvd if you find it on the shelf .  tbere are not many good leg shots of mira  ( the only high points i could find in the film )  and the supporting cast is of inferior quality ,  delivering a mishmash of badly-done dialogue with embarrassing  " spanish "  accents worthy of the best high school theatrical production . 
i could not ,  for the life of me ,  follow ,  figure out or understand the story .  as the plot advances it too stays incomprehensible .  i'm going to guess and say that there was a preproduction story/plot problem that never got sorted out .  the producers could never separate the many details that the novel ,  or any novel ,  has the time and space to create from the other idea ,  which was to make a movie about a serial killer and the killer's pursuit by the police .  they ended up with too many things happening in a proscribed feature film time limit .  too bad really because they had a solid cast ,  a director who knows how to move things around and excellent cinematography .  in fact ,  a well made movie that one could enjoy and relax with for a couple of hours . 
after just finishing the book the same day i watched the movie ,  i knew what was supposed to happen .  i had high expectations of the movie ,  because of the rating .  the only reason i give this movie a 2 out of 10 stars is that it was alright trying to be a movie .  i have a couple main points for not liking this movie .   ********** spoilers **********  1 .  the casting .  jack nicholson barely fits into jack torrence's character .  also ,  i would have never picked shelly duvall for wendy .  i pictured wendy much differently .  i can see why they picked jack nicholson though ,  the grin ,  the pointy eyebrows ,  but he's not supposed to really look 'evil' .  he's supposed to look normal ,  and he turns evil .  also ,  they make one of the worst movie couples .  danny was alright ,  he needed more life though .  he acted way to droney .   2 .  the screenplay .  they cut out so many things that were in the book ,  and added things .  some of the things that were in the book that i was looking forward to in the movie were either deleted ,  changed ,  or handled wrongly .  some of the things that were in the book that i was looking forward to seeing  ( the hedge animals ,  the roque mallet ,  the elevator )  were not in the movie ,  and it was 2 and half hours !  !  i was extremely irritated .   3 .  the ending .  the ending was changed completly ,  halorann died ,  jack froze to death ,  wendy never got hurt .  .  . the overlook didn't blow up .  the ending was so cool in the book ,  and the movie messed it up so horribly ,  i was apalled .  hallorann was never supposed to die ,  but jack killed him with an ax .  if they wanted to kill him ,  at least have jack use a roque mallet .  you never even saw a roque mallet during the whole movie .   there are other things that i didn't like about the movie ,  but there are things that were all right .  the camera angels were cool ,  the blood coming out of the elevator  ( didn't happen in the book )  was cool ,  but maybe i was too irritated that the movie didn't go with the book ,  to try to be scared at all .  i reccomend reading the book ,  before you see this movie .  i applaud stephen king for actually agreeing to sign a contract to not dis stanley kubrik any more .  i would never have done that ,  i would have taken all the rights i could get to yell at him all day .  i can't wait to see the 6 hour version ,  at least it has the hedge animals .   rating :  2/10
i like silent films ,  but this was a little too moronic .  as much as i wish i could say that it was worth the hour i stood up i can't .  i don't think any version of the movie even comes close to the book .  and don't try it out on kids ,  they might freak .  and the lady who played pollyanna ,  how old was she ?  38 ?  i know the labor laws were different back then .  .  .  but come on people . 
awful !  absolutely awful !  no plot ,  no point ,  no end .  it looks like the director turned the camera on and then the whole crew went to lunch .  every day .  i'm trying to give this video away but no one will take it .  i'm giving it a 2 instead of a 1 because i like benigni .  roger ,  i'm going to have to say thumbs down on this one .   
i give this movie a one ,  for it is truly an awful movie .  sound track of the dvd is so bad ,  it actually hurts my ear .  but the vision ,  no matter how disjointed ,  does show something really fancy in the italian society .  i will not go into detail what actually was so shocking  ,  but the various incidents are absolutely abnormal .  so for the kink value ,  i give it one . otherwise ,  the video ,  photography ,  acting of the adults actors /actresses are simply substandard ,  a practical jock to people who love foreign movies . roberto ,  the main character ,  has full spectrum of emotions but exaggerated to the point of being unbelievable . however ,  the children in the movie are mostly 3/4 years old ,  and they are genuine and the movie provides glimpse of the italian life .  . 
i was so disappointed by this show .  after hearing and reading all the hoopla about it ,  how it was a  " ground breaking show "  and all sorts of wild promises if quality ,  i tried to watch it .   what a letdown !  !  the acting was way forced and exaggerated .  the story made very little sense .  as for any hint of the vaunted  " look into teenagers' lives "  ,  i could only see a paltry attempt that had as much reality to it as a reality show .   some are wondering why there are so many negative comments about this show .  the reason is that it's really not all that good and beating the drums over quality on this show only serves to attract attention to how poorly made it is . 
last week ,  i took a look at the weekly nielsen ratings ,  and there was veronica mars ,  supposedly  " the best show you're not watching "  .   well ,  they're right that you're not watching it .  it aired twice and was ranked 147 and 145 out of 147 .   translation :  this is the lowest-rated show on any nationally broadcast network .  .  .  and deservedly so .  i tried to watch it a couple of times because of all the press coverage hyping it as a  " great "  show ,  a  " realistic look "  at life and all such nonsense .  the reality was otherwise .  veronica mars is a bore .  it's as unrealistic as it gets ,  and it richly deserves to be canceled .   the only mystery is why cw felt compelled to put on its inaugural schedule the lowest-rated show in memory ,  after two years of continued commercial and artistic failure . 
the biggest mystery of veronica mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen .   rather ,  the mystery is why this perennial ratings disappointment is still on the air .  this week marked a nadir for veronica mars :  it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6  ( soon to be big 5 )  .  yes ,  you read right .  veronica mars was beaten by every show of the now-defunct wb and every show on upn .  it was beat by all the shows on fox and of course by all the shows on abc ,  cbs and nbc .   now ,  the hip hypesters are going to say :  but this was a re-run .  but everything on tv that week was pretty much a re-run !  it boggles the mind why cw would choose this proved ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from upn .   clearly something is going on behind the scenes .  favors are being exchanged and influence peddled .   sorry to be so cynical ,  but what other explanation is there ?  the  " veronica mars has potential "  line is clearly dead now that it's had two years to establish itself and failed to do so .   maybe it's joel silver's influence and clout ,  but frankly ,  i am at a loss why anyone would choose to spend their clout on a bad show that no audience is watching .   a great mystery and a very inauspicious debut for cw . 
i'm amazed how many comments on this show are about how  " real "  it is .  maybe i'm not part of the same universe because if veronica mars is anything ,  it's over the top in a big way .   the acting is chewing the scenery with enthusiasm and the plots have holes you could drive a truck through .  that's not what i call real .   it is so earnest in its desire to be  " relevant "  that it only shows how cut-off from reality rob thomas and his staff are .   overall ,  i found it to be at best a snooze-fest and at worst more than a little annoying .  kristen bell looks like she could be a good actress ,  but it's hard to tell with the over-the-top style of the whole show . 
i went to see this film based on the review by siskel and ebert ;  not only did i get duped ,  but i took some friends along ,  and had to spend the rest of the day profusely apologizing for making them sit through this pointless crap .  after this ,  i never went to see a movie based solely on siskel & ebert's advice . 
when i noticed that  " hamish macbeth "  was being broadcast in the united states ,  i was thrilled .  i then had the misfortune to watch the darn thing .  i adore m .  c .  beaton's books about the wonderful scottish constable .  the characters in the book are entertaining and very well-written .  the powers that be who are responsible for this mish-mash apparently have never have read one of beaton's books .  only the name  " hamish macbeth "  has anything to do with the series .  besides the lack of familiar characters ,  i find the whole show offensively loud .  it seems that the actors feel they must shout their lines and scream at each other .  if you love m .  c .  beaton's adorable hamish macbeth don't waste your time on this rubbish . 
this does give away some of the plot ,  by the way .  a charlie brown christmas is one of those timeless classics that teach you the value christmas and just enjoying the holiday .  this ,  however ,  does not .  it tries to capture the emotion of a charlie brown christmas ,  there even is another christmas play ,  but fails with lackluster and easy jokes .  charlie brown is no longer wondering about the spirit of christmas but is instead wants to buy a present for peggy jean  ( $25 gloves .  .  . what ?  )  .  his sister sally is the most annoying character in the movie .  here is one of her jokes :  sally wants to write a letter to santa ,  but doesn't know how to spell charlie  ( for some reason he needs to be in her letter )  so instead decides to name him sam ,  because she knows how to spell sam .  also ,  sally plays an angel in the play with one word to day :   " hark !  "  she instead says hockey stick  ( har har )  .  if sally saying hark 12 times  ( all oddly sounding exactly the same )  doesn't kill you ,  nothing will .  peppermint patty and marcy are a large focal point ,  but that hardly makes it better .  marcy is funny with her responses to patty ,  but patty is another story .  she sounds like a boy  ( which doesn't dispel the rumors )  and gets mad when she has to be the sheep in the play  ( terrible baas and all )  .  apparently she is the sheep every year ,  and is worried she will forget her lines  ( lines she doesn't have )  .  she is so worried she mentions it twice ,  one right after the other ,  and gets the same response .  i'm assuming she must have short term memory loss ,  or something .  lucy and linus are more welcome  ( although linus still has annoying advice )  ,  but hardly amount to much air time .  i'm sure schroeder isn't even in this one .  all in all ,  it tries to be a parasite to the original ,  but compromised the message for a few quick laughs . 
i am going to keep this short . this  " adaption "  of the wonderful king book is a bad joke and nothing more . of course there are many kubrick and nickolson fans in this site and , as a result , this movie has mysteriously find its way in the top-250 .   jack nicholson is laughable as torrance and so is shelley duvall . the story , that has nothing to do with the book , is an incoherent mess and the characters of jack and wendy torrance are complete jokes .   my advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story : stick to the tv series  .  .  .  .   oh  , and the people who are saying that kubrick had every right to destroy the king story cause king is .  .  . not a good writer should stick to reviewing  " masterpieces "  like  " eyes wide shut "  . 
very badly made film ,  the action/violence scenes are ridiculous .   1 point for the presence of burton and mastroianni + 1 point for the real tragic event of the massacre of the innocent italians :  2/10 . 
this was a big disappointment for me .  i think this is the worst mastroianni-movie ever made .  cosmatos tries too hard to make this movie a masterpiece and that makes this movie a typical  " art " -movie .  i give 4/10 for this movie . 
it is a frank zappa axiom that  " music journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for people who can't read .  "  if you ever needed proof that musicians can't talk ,  this is the film for you .  repeated attempts at profundity stumble over themselves to end up in monosyllabic comments delivered in awestruck voices :   " wow .  "   ( thank you ,  idris muhammed .  )  this film is pretentious but ,  while much of the pontificating from youssou n'dour and his gang of merry men  ( and one token woman )  grates ,  the music saves the day .   the main idea behind the film  ( what i take to be the main idea ,  dredged out of the inarticulate commentary )  is interesting .  to gather a group of musicians from america and europe and take them on a journey through the different styles of music that grew up in and out of slavery ,  back to their roots in the music of west africa ,  and a concert in the old slave fort of gorée off the coast of senegal .  we are treated to gospel ,  blues ,  jazz and variations of these ,  including some fantastic drumming both in new orleans and senegal .  there's also a good deal of n'dour's own compositions .   sadly ,  that's another weakness .  it's never entirely clear what n'dour himself wants to achieve .  to some degree ,  the film appears to be an exercise in self-promotion on n'dour's part .  he wants to play his own music ,  jazzed up to some degree and performed in the company of a bunch of musicians he admires .  he's clearly a little embarrassed by this and early in the film obtains the blessings of the curator of the gorée museum .   the clash between the different agendas shows through in several other places .  for example ,  somebody obviously felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel choir ,  but n'dour and most of his mates are moslems  ( a point made repeatedly throughout the film )  .  the whole early sequence involving the black christians is uncomfortable and then they disappear from the story until the close harmony group  ( the only black christians who can hold a tone ?  )  turn up in dakar at the end of the film .   ( to be fair ,  they turn up triumphantly and perform the best piece in the film .  )  if the story of black music needs to nod in the direction of gospel ,  why not also in the direction of latin america ?  where are the black musical influences from the caribbean and brazil ?  samba ?  reggae ?  then there's europe .  here the black diaspora doesn't seem to have produced any musicians of calibre ,  since n'dour chooses to draft in austrian guitarist and a trumpet player from luxemburg .  are they in the team just because n'dour has played with him before ?  what i personally found most irritating ,  though ,  was the long sequence which tried to recreate a kind of 60s beatnik/black power/nation of islam cultural happening in the new york home of amir baraka  ( a . k . a .  leroi jones )  .  hearing people talk about the importance of  " knowing your history "  ,  and then in the next breath perpetuating ignorance .  why do so many african-americans believe that taking an arabic name is an assertion of their african roots ?  and why do they think arabic islam is so much more admirable than european christianity ?  who do they think established the trade in african slaves in the first place ?  the film doesn't have much to say about the situation in west africa today beyond the platitude that  " present conditions "  are a consequence of all the brightest and best having been shipped away for 300 years .  the senegalese appear to be a poor but happy ,  musical gifted folk ,  friendly and welcoming ,  respectful of their elders  ( and not above fleecing the visiting americans in the fish market )  .  is this ethnic stereotyping or just my imagination ?  there is no comment on the armed guard that n'dour and the camera crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they walk through the streets of dakar .   there is also a strong implication in the film that the slaves who were taken from dakar came from dakar .  the similarity between the folk drumming style of new orleans and the folk drumming style of senegal is cited in evidence .  the last thing the slaves heard before they were shipped away was the drumming of their homeland ,  bidding them farewell .  except ,  of course ,  that by and large ,  the slaves shipped from dakar did not come from dakar .  they were captured or traded from the interior by the coastal senegalese and sold to merchants of whichever european power currently held the gorée slave fort .  the people of dakar are not the descendents of africans who escaped the slave trade ,  they are just as likely  more likely  to be descendents of the people who sold their black brethren into slavery and exile .   the two agenda's clash again in the final part of the film .  there are two separate endings .  on the one hand ,  the concert which n'dour and co have been rehearsing and preparing along the way and which they deliver in the courtyard of the gorée slave fort .  the other end comes when the harmony harmoneers sing the spiritual  " return to glory "  ,  in the seaward doorway of the slave fort .  this is deeply moving ,  even if it is hard to believe the performance is quite as spontaneous as it appears .   this is a film that is flawed .  unclear of the story it is trying to tell and tugged in different directions .  irritating ,  confusing ,  beautiful and emotional by turns .  watch it  ( listen to it )  for the music and the feeling ,  but don't expect enlightenment or intellectual rigour . 
oh ,  man !  this thing scared the heck out of me when i first watched it .  .  .  and i was sixteen !  !  !   that creepy animated barbie is scary as hell !  i want to stop talking about her now . 
i loved  " the curse of frankenstein "  so much that i rushed out to get  " frankenstein must be destroyed "  to see cushing at it again .  .  . even if it was without chistopher lee this time .  to my great disappointment ,  this movie not only does without lee ,  but it does without frankenstein's monster altogether !  was it a case of  " if we can't get lee ,  we won't have a monster at all "  ?  why would they do that ?  the monster is half the fun of the whole thing !  !  this film is dedicated solely to the study of baron frankenstein and his quest to finish experiments he had begun in brain transplants before ending up in an asylum .  i found the script extremely weak ,  with the need to suspend disbelief forced upon the audience a little too much .  i'm willing to suspend a fair amount ,  but this movie got fairly ridiculous ,  which took me out of the film rather than immersing me in it .   peter cushing ,  though ,  is absolutely brilliant playing pure evil in this film .  for being one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet men ,  he sure could play menacing and malevolent extremely well .  the supporting cast is competent ,  but has little to do ,  even the young doctor and his fiancée blackmailed into helping frankenstein .  a bumbling police chief is introduced ,  along with his put-upon sidekick ,  to generate some comic relief ,  then they are completely dropped from the movie !  why ?  we are led to believe that the police chief will be the main nemesis of the baron ,  then we are led to believe it will be the young doctor ,  and then it ends up being the victim of frankenstein's brain transplant experiment .  there was no tension ,  we weren't invested in the  " creature "  ,  and the ending was left so ambiguous as to leave one unsatisfied because it is so clear they are setting up another sequel .   also ,  there are virtually no  " horror "  elements .  yes ,  there is a beheading in the beginning  ( off-camera )  ,  and we are treated to the sounds of cushing cutting the tops of two men's skulls off  ( again ,  off camera )  ,  and there is the most unsettling and thoroughly unnecessary rape scene  ( 90% of which is ,  again ,  off-camera )  .  i understand that there is a love of  " letting the audience imagine it all ,  for their imaginations are far worse than what we can show "  ,  but come on ,  if you're not going to give us a monster ,  then at least let us see the few  " horrific "  elements you do choose to include .  showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not scary .   on top of a weak script ,  i thought the directing was mostly flat .  there were a couple of nice shots ,  but otherwise no excitement ,  atmosphere ,  or suspense was generated .  the same director did  " curse "  back in 1958 and i thought it was brilliantly directed .  .  . guess he was as uninspired by this film as i was .   the movie gets a 4 out of 10 from me strictly for peter cushing's powerful ,  nuanced performance .  .  . beyond that ,  i found little in this movie worth recommending .  instead ,  my suggestion is to watch  " the curse of frankenstein "  and see a truly great hammer horror film . 
there are three movies with this animation style that i fondly remember from my youth .  this movie ,   " the last unicorn ,  "   " flight of dragons "  and  " the hobbit .  "  i own copies of both  " dragons "  and  " the hobbit "   ( both excellent )  and i hadn't seen  " the last unicorn "  in more than a decade .  that was until today and now i wish i hadn't .  what bothered me the most was the script .  it was incredibly choppy and often inane .  things would happen for no reason and other things would happen without explanation .  we're not just talking about little things here either ;  we're talking about key plot points !  the story itself isn't that great to begin with ,  but it could have worked had the script been decent .  not even close .  on top of that the music was awful !  i know that music in movies such as these rarely have what one would call classic pieces ,  but the music in this movie made me want to knock myself unconscious with a bowling ball .  this was one of those films that i was going to show to my kids some day ,  but it just got cut .  i don't think i could ever sit through that crap fest again .  disappointed is putting it mildly . 
what's written on the poster is :   " at birth he was given 6 years to live .  .  .  at 34 he takes the journey of a lifetime .  "  ami is an american-born israeli who was diagnosed with muscular dystrophy disease at the age of one .  at age of 34 ,  after the love toward his 22 years old care-giver didn't go well ,  he decided to come to the us to face the doctor who said that he would have only 6 years to live .  he wanted to show the doctor that he is still alive ,  and weights 39 pounds .  why ?  your guess is as good as mine ,  even i have seen this film .   obviously it's courageous to live when all he can move is his left index finger ,  but why does he have so much anger toward the doctor who diagnosed his disease 34 years ago ?  his doctor just told his mom that based on the medical history ,  people with his disease won't live long .  what's the point of him showing up at old doctor's door for ?  why is tracking down this old doctor in the us is a journey of his lifetime ?  there are so many things we might be interested in ami's life :  how can he make those animations with the movement of only one finger ?  how can he go through daily lives while totally depending on others ?  how did he out lived his doctor's prediction ?  how does he deal emotionally when other people look at him like looking at a strange creature ?  the movie told us none of that .  instead ,  the filmmaker got a van and set up a trip to let ami to show up at his old doctor's door in order to show him that he is still alive .  i thought it was a joke . 
what boob at mgm thought it would be a good idea to place the studly clark gable in the role of a salvation army worker ?  ?  ironically enough ,  another handsome future star ,  cary grant ,  also played a salvation army guy just two years later in the highly overrated she done him wrong .  i guess in hindsight it's pretty easy to see the folly of these roles ,  but i still wonder who thought that salvation army guys are  " hot "  and who could look at these dashing men and see them as realistic representations of the parts they played .  a long time ago ,  i used to work for a sister organization of the salvation army  ( the volunteers of america )  and i never saw any studly guys working there  ( and that includes me ,  unfortunately )  .  maybe i should have gotten a job with the salvation army instead !   so ,  for the extremely curious ,  this is a good film to look out for ,  but for everyone else ,  it's poor writing ,  sloppy dialog and annoying moralizing make for a very slow film . 
warning :  this review contains spoilers .  do not read if you don't want some points revealed to you before you watch the film .   with a cast like this ,  you wonder whether or not the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting into .  did they see the script and say ,  `hey ,  close encounters of the third kind was such a hit that this one can't fail . ' unfortunately ,  it does .  did they even think to check on the director's credentials ?  i mean ,  would you do a movie with the director of a movie called `satan's cheerleaders ? ' greydon clark ,  who would later go on to direct the infamous `final justice , ' made this .  it makes you wonder how the people of mystery science theater 3000 could hammer `final justice' and completely miss out on `the return . '  the film is set in a small town in new mexico .  a little boy and girl are in the street unsupervised one night when a powerful flashlight beam . er . a spaceship appears and hovers over them .  in probably the worst special effect sequence of the film ,  the ship spews some kind of red ink on them .  it looked like clark had held a beaker of water in from of the camera lens and dipped his leaky pen in it ,  so right away you are treated with cheese .  anyhow ,  the ship leaves and the adults don't believe the children .  elsewhere ,  we see vincent schiavelli ,  whom i find to be a terrific actor  ( watch his scenes in `ghost' for proof ,  as they are outstanding )  ,  who is playing a prospector ,  or as i called him ,  the miner 1949er .  he steps out of the cave he is in ,  and he and his dog are inked by the ship .  twenty-five years go by ,  and the girl has grown up to be cybill shepherd ,  who works with her father ,  raymond burr ,  in studying unusual weather phenomena .  or something like that .  shepherd spots some strange phenomena in satellite pictures over that little new mexico town ,  and she travels there to research it .  once she gets there ,  the local ranchers harass her ,  and blame her for the recent slew of cattle mutilations that have been going on ,  and deputy jan-michael vincent comes to her rescue .  from this point on ,  the film really drags as the two quickly fall for each other ,  especially after vincent wards off the locals and informs shepherd that he was the little boy that saw the ship with her twenty-five years earlier .  while this boring mess is happening ,  vincent schiavelli ,  with his killer dog at his side ,  is walking around killing the cattle and any people he runs into with an unusual item .  you know those glowing plastic sticks stores sell for trick-or-treaters at halloween ,  the kind that you shake to make them glow ?  schiavelli uses what looks like one of those glow sticks to burn incisions in people .  it's the second-worst effect in the movie .  every time schiavelli is on screen with the glow stick ,  the scene's atmosphere suddenly turns dark ,  like the filmmakers thought the glow stick needed that enhancement .  it ends up making the movie look even cheaper than it is .   and what does all this lead up to ?  it's hard to tell when the final ,  confusing scene arrives .  see ,  burr and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite images that shepherd found as some kind of `calling card , ' but none of it makes sense .  why do shepherd and vincent age and schiavelli does not ?  schiavelli explains why he is killing cattle and people and why he wants shepherd dead ,  but even that doesn't make much sense when you really think about it .  i mean ,  why doesn't he kill jan-michael vincent ?  after all ,  he had twenty-five years to do it .  and the aliens won't need him if shepherd is dead anyhow ,  so why try to kill her ?  speaking of the aliens ,  it is never clear what they really wanted out of shepherd and vincent .  what is their goal ?  why do they wait so long to intervene ?  how could they be so sure shepherd would come back ?  not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made `the return' any more pleasant .  you would still have bad lines ,  really bad acting ,  particularly by shepherd ,  cheesy effects ,  and poor direction .  luckily ,  the stars escaped from this movie .  cybill shepherd soon went on to star in `moonlighting' with bruce willis .  jan-michael vincent went on to be featured in dozens of b-movies ,  often in over-the-top parts .  raymond burr made a pile of perry mason television movies right up until his death .  vincent schiavelli went on to be a great character actor in a huge number of films .  martin landau ,  who played a kooky law enforcement officer ,  quickly made the terrific `alone in the dark' and the awful `the being' before rolling into the films he has been famous for recently .  you can bet none of these stars ever want their careers to return to `the return . ' zantara's score :  2 out of 10 . 
 " her cardboard lover "  is norma shearer's last movie .  she quit the movies and ,  i think ,  joined the board of directors at mgm .  that was a good move on her part .   " her cardboard lover "  was talky and boring in parts .  it was obvious there were only a handful of actors with speaking parts so they had a lot of dialogue to speak to keep this turkey afloat .    the story was a good idea about a wealthy woman  ( norma shearer )  hiring a man  ( robert taylor )  to make her playboy fiancee  ( george sanders ) jealous .  i am surprised that the director ,  george cukor ,  did not cut many of the talky scenes between ms .  shearer and mr .  taylor .  mr .  cukor served ms .  shearer well in  " the women "  but not in this movie .    the best performance in the movie was given by robert taylor .  during mr .  taylor's career ,  he was given his best comedy roles in this movie and  " when ladies meet "  in 1941 .  in 1942 ,  he gave his best comedy performance in  " her cardboard lover "  and ,  up to then ,  his best dramatic performance in  " johnny eager .  "  he had a busy year .  i think of all the actors at mgm ,  mr .  taylor worked with all the major and minor actresses on the lot .  also ,  mgm gave mr .  taylor all types of movies to make - most of them were successful .  that is why mgm kept him for 25 years .    mr .  george sanders was very good as a socialite heel .  he played a similar role eight years later in  " all about eve "  for which he won an oscar for a supporting role .  as for ms .  shearer ,  this was one of her worst performances ,  she was not funny and too dramatic for this comedy .  it is strange that she made a great comedy in 1939 ,   " the women "  ,  and gave her best performance .  it was obvious that she was too old looking for her younger leading men in  " her cardboard lover .  "  also ,  it didn't help that some of her clothes were awful .   too bad she and mr .  taylor did not make another dramatic movie like their last movie together ,  the superb  " escape "  .  the same comments about this movie can be said of another movie ,   " personal property "  that mr .  taylor made in 1937 with jean harlow .  it was too talky ,  boring ,  and the actress looked old .  ms .  harlow looked ill throughout the movie and nobody in hollywood noticed to tell her to see a doctor ,  so in 1937 ,  she died at age 26 .  what a waste !  she was becoming a good actress and getting better roles . 
in this forgettable trifle ,  the 40-ish norma shearer plays a fluttery ,  girlish socialite in monte carlo ,  caught in a tussle between george sanders and robert taylor .  it would be tempting to blame this movie's failure on the dull ,  talky script ,  or director george cukor ,  who never seems interested in livening up the film's generally comatose state .  mostly ,  though ,  it's the fault of shearer herself ,  who desperately wanted to keep playing  " young "  parts as long as she could get away with it .  inadvertently ,  this makes  " her cardboard lover "  a bizarre monument to an aging woman's vanity . 
ok ,  honestly i dont see why everybody thinks this is so great .  its really not .  there were two good things that came out of this movie 1 .  jack's performance ,  he was very good i can tip my hat for him .  2 .  danny's performance ,  he was good .  no other then that it got pretty stupid .  and ,  what was stanley kubrick thinking drafting shelly as the wendy ?  she was so bad .  she looked the same every time she got scared .  the problem with this movie was the ending .  i would have had more respect for it if kubrick would have ended it differently .  and ,  the over all movie was just stupid .  the problem with the movie is that the book was so much better .  so dont see the movie read the book and you will be much better off .  3/10 . 
songwriter robert taylor  ( as terry )  is  " dizzy ,  slap-happy "  and can't see straight over otherworldly norma shearer  ( as consuelo )  .   " she makes the sun shine ,  even when it's raining ,  "  mr .  taylor explains .  but ,  mr .  taylor gets a lump in his throat whenever he gets near ms .  shearer .  finally ,  at the palm beach casino shearer frequents ,  taylor proclaims  " i love you !  "  shearer brushes him off ,  as she is engaged to george sanders  ( as tony )  .  however ,  to settle a gambling debt ,  shearer hires taylor to pose as  " her cardboard lover "  ,  to make mr .  sanders jealous .   this film's title invites the obvious and appropriate three-word review :   " her cardboard movie "  .  it is most notable as the last film appearance for shearer ,  one of the biggest stars in the world from  " he who gets slapped "   ( 1924 ,  playing another consuelo )  to  " the women "   ( 1939 )  .  to be fair ,  this was likely the kind of shearer film mgm believed audiences wanted to see .  however ,  the part is unflattering .   plucked and powered ,  taylor and shearer were better off in  " the escape "   ( 1940 )  .  if shearer had continued ,  she might have become a better actress than  " leading lady "  ;  apparently ,  she was no longer interested ,  and certainly didn't need the money .  taylor has a great scene ,  reciting christina rossetti's  " when i am dead ,  my dearest "  while threatening to jump from shearer's balcony ,  as directed by george cukor .   **** her cardboard lover  ( 6/42 )  george cukor ~ norma shearer ,  robert taylor ,  george sanders
even by 1942 standards of movie-making the setup which her cardboard lover presents was dated to the extreme .  the machinations of one half of a pair  ( of husband/wife ,  ex-husband/ex-wife )  to get the other back at the threat of marriage to another ,  divorce ,  or an eventual separation by means of jealousy ,  humiliation ,  or other schemes had been done much better in classics such as his girl friday and the philadelphia story .  both of these movies features women with a strong ,  indomitable screen presence and who played independent ,  proto-feminist characters .  in both movies ,  both women were estranged/divorced from their  ( witty )  first husbands and set to marry colorless men who were their exact opposite ,  and both would be bamboozled into rejecting their soon-to-be husbands and re-igniting their passion for each other .   the plot in her cardboard lover switches the gender :  here ,  it's norma shearer in the cary grant role out ,  this time ,  to ward off an ex-boyfriend  ( george sanders )  by means of hiring robert taylor to pose as her gigolo .  the problem is ,  shearer is much too old to be playing a role more suited to an actress in her mid-to-late twenties ;  sanders is about as involved as a piece of furniture for the most -- any man who would be in love with his fiancée ,  on seeing a strange man come out of her bathroom as happens here ,  would knock the lights out of him and cause a huge scene .  not here .  and robert taylor plays his part as if he were trying to channel cary grant half the time ,  not in speech inflections but in overall essence .   but the worst part of it is shearer herself .  for an actress used to parts which gave her a sense of intellectual sexiness and dramatic presence ,  playing consuelo craydon seems to put her into throes of complete over-acting ,  over-emoting ,  and over-gesturing which ,  while still a part of her style of acting and more appropriate ten years earlier ,  makes her look like an extremely mannered performer wrenching the joke out of a situation like water from a fairly dry sponge .  it only fuels the fires that tell the theory which gives irving thalberg the maker of her career and chooser of  ( most of her )  roles ;  why she passed on roles such as charlotte vale and mrs .  miniver on mega-hits now voyager and mrs .  miniver is a mystery ,  but then again ,  most accounts also state that by this time she had just burnt out from acting ,  that she'd had lost interest in the whole thing altogether and it's no secret that anyone who has experienced this sort of thing has essentially lost focus and can't wait until retirement or the end of a contract is near to leave as soon as possible .  such could be the case here .  she seems lost ,  she seems tired ,  she seems ill at ease ,  going through autopilot instead of living the part .  after this film she would make no more ,  but would be responsible of discovering janet leigh who would come into her own as a screen star during the late 40s and into the 60s . 
like all the taviani brothers films ,  this one looks great ,  but it is rotten to the core with false romanticism ,  and coincidences heap upon each other in some facsimile of a  " story "  .  in actuality ,  this is really just a sentimentally cheap tear jerker posing as an intellectually distinguished art film . 
as i said ,  the book was pretty good and this might have been a good movie if melissa gilbert hadn't been so horrible and unbelievable in the lead roll .  what kind of accent was that suppose to be anyway ?  it sounded the same as her horrible russian accent in another movie that i have seen her in .  every time she opened her mouth i cringed .  it took 3 tries before i was able to watch the entire movie .  brad johnson was good as the other lead .    i really liked the beach location scenes .  they added some much needed brightness to take your mind off of melissa gilberts depressing portrayal .  i think they could have used san francisco views more to their advantage though .  it looked like the night scenes were actually sf ,  but i could be wrong .  i don't recall the character in the book being this depressing .    please keep melissa gilbert out of any future movies that require an accent ! 
this is a typical steele novel production in that two people who have undergone some sort of tragedy manage to get together despite the odds .  i wouldn't call this a spoiler because anyone who has read a steele novel knows how they all end .  if you don't want to know much about the plot ,  don't keep reading .   gilbert's character ,  ophelia ,  is a woman of french decent who has lost her husband and son in an accident .  gilbert needs to stop doing films where she is required to have an accent because she ,  otherwise a good actress ,  cannot realistically pull off any kind of accent .  brad johnson ,  also an excellent actor ,  is matt ,  who is recovering from a rather nasty divorce .  he is gentle ,  convincing and compelling in this role .   the two meet on the beach through her daughter ,  pip ,  and initially ,  ophelia accuses matt of being a child molester just because he talked art with the kid .  all of them become friends after this episode and then the couple falls in love .   the chemistry between the two leads is not great ,  even though the talent of these two people is not ,  in my opinion ,  a question .  they did the best they could with a predictable plot and a script that borders on stereotypical .  two people meet ,  tragedy ,  bigger tragedy ,  a secret is revealed ,  another tragedy ,  and then they get together .  i wish there was more to it than that ,  but there it is in a nutshell .   i wanted mindless entertainment ,  and i got it with this .  in regard to the genre of romantic films ,  this one fails to be memorable .   " a secret affair "  with janine turner is far superior  ( not a steele book )  ,  as are some of steele's earlier books turned into film . 
this movie got off to an interesting start .  down the road however ,  the story gets convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic rituals .  the male lead was very good  ,  even though he gets the worst end of the stick in the climax .  in comparison ,  this is  " boomerang "  meets  " extremities "  . 
this movie got off to an interesting start .  down the road however ,  the story gets convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic rituals .  the male lead was very good  ,  even though he gets the worst end of the stick in the climax .  in comparison ,  this is  " boomerang "  meets  " extremities "  .   
this engaging  ( which it shouldn't be )  low-grade spanish exploitation  ( quite tame i might add )  looks good ,  but huh ?  let me phrase that again 'huh ? ' .  actually the word 'huh ? ' would be going through your mind quite a lot .  nothing makes sense ,  nor does it try too .  i just don't know if its complicatedly cryptic or just a convoluted muddle ,  but there's no denying how laconically uneventful ,  strange and wordy it feels .   unrelated sequences tied  ( like that nasty opening involving a little girl ,  dead cat and fire )  in to a sparse story involving photographer mario  ( played by a chest-puffing john caffari ,  who's mustache is a dead ringer for nintendo's iconic mario .  what's the odds ?  )  that ditches his girlfriend at home and encounters a young lady  ( a gorgeously fixating patty shepard )  who he asks to come with him on an photography assignment ,  where at this remote mountain retreat they come across some hooded witches .   look past the unhinged plot structure and wallow in what is simply a moody piece of atmospheric mechanisms and growing unease .  raul artigot directs few jarringly unusual visuals and creepy passages ,  but for most part seems sporadically non-existent and unfocused just like his writing .  ramon sempere's striking cinematography lenses the gracefully rich scenery as we take in the scenic views and let the time leisurely grind away .  however there are certain areas where it was too dark to see what was going on .  fernando garcia morcillo's hauntingly bombastic and overwrought score blends terrifically with compulsively dense atmosphere created .  the leads are capable ,  but there's also a sturdy bunch  ( the pick being víctor israel )  of secondary performances .   slow with little in the way of interest ,  but this dreamy set-up  ( that seems to go on and on )  manages to keep you watching until its closing . 
as someone else mentioned ,  it begins with a bizarre prologue about a little blond girl killing a cat .  then the main story :  a photographer  ( gaffari )  and a writer  ( shepard )  meet by chance and take a trip into the mountains .  first they spend the night at an inn where the slightly deaf landlord gets hollered at ,  with increasing irritation to the audience ,  by gaffari .  once in the mountains they seek shelter again and are invited in by a kindly old lady who seems overly hospitable to strangers  ( hansel and gretel ,  anyone ?  )  what happens next i will leave for the bold viewer to sort out because i most assuredly couldn't .  now ,  i like eurohorror ,  and this woulda been better if only artigot  ( writer and director )  had made some attempt at logical story telling .  the backdrop  ( pyrenees ?  )  makes an excellent and intriguing location for mysterious and occult occurrences .  the verdant peaks could easily obscure supernatural forces and those who command them .  the photography is nice .  just wish the whole thing made sense .  you can view this film at archive . org . 
welcome to movie 17 on the chilling classics 50 pack .  where we'll see ,  that's right .  another movie that makes absolutely no sense .  seriously ,  this movie had me so confused at the end ,  i thought i was rewatching  " at dawn they sleep .  "  the plot seems simple enough .  .  .  . well that is until 3 seconds into the movie where a girl supposedly killed a cat and then .  .  . um .  .  explodes ?  i have no idea what happened .  and that was before the title screen .  that's really sad when i can't even tell what happened in the first 3 minutes .   anyway it stars a photographer with a big mustache who finds this girl after dumping his other girlfriend on the way to take pictures of something somewhere .  so we get there but not before somebody steals their jeep to drive it 200 feet out of the way towards a town .  suspicious ?  nah .  so they decide to stay at this deserted village with one old lady .  and then blah blah stuff happens and blah blah talking .  the guy with the mustache goes out in the fog for some reason even though the old lady tells him not to .  he gets lost and then finds his way back .   oh ,  i forgot to mention this is all after an incredibly pointless 20 minutes of them staying in the house of a guy who looks like that buggy eyed guy from casablanca .  then they leave .  there's really no point to this scene .  it's really just padding .  if you cut it out no one would have noticed or cared .   but sadly ,  that was actually the best part of the movie .  wait .  let me rephrase that .  really sadly that was the best part of the movie .  because the rest is so confusing that i had to look on imdb to find out what happened .  but of course no one else knows so i'm sol .    seriously ,  the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most mindscrewing moments i've ever seen on film .  they dressed her up in a dress ,  he gets kidnapped ,  then released ,  he runs back to the house ,  then at the end the witches are in the house and it ends ?  seriously .  i have hardly ever been so confused in a movie .  i mean ,  as bad as movies such as  " war of the robots "  are ,  at least they make sense .  this movie doesn't even make the attempt to be coherent .  the ending was as confusing as the end of  " at dawn they sleep "  and the plot was much more boring .  this movie gets a 1 just for its sheer  " i have no idea what happened in this movie " ness .   " witches mountain "  gets 1 confused movie watcher out of 10 . 
ladies and gentlemen , please don't get fooled by  " a stanley kubrick "  film tag . this is a very bad film which unfortunately has been hailed as one of the deadliest horror films ever made . horror films should create such a fear that during nights people should shiver their hearts out while thinking about a true horror film . in shining , there is no real horror at all but what we find instead is just a naive , foolish attempt made to create chilling horror . everyone knows as to how good the attempts are if they are different from reality . all that is good in the film is the view of the icy valley .  the hotel where most of the actors were lodged appears good too . a word about the actors jack nicholson looks like a lost , lazy soul who is never really sure of what he is supposed to do . there is not much to be said of a bald , colored actor who for the most of times is busy pampering a kid actor . no need to blame the bad weather for the tragedy . it cannot be avoided as the film has been made and poor kubrick is not alive to make any changes . 
i am working my way through the chilling classics 50 movie pack collection and the witches' mountain  ( el monte de las brujas ) is something like the 17th movie in the set .   the movie had nothing to it to hold my attention at all .  the plot was incoherent .  the dialog seemed improvised .  the acting was poor .  the characters were unsympathetic .   the best scene is the beginning ,  with an exasperated woman that is driven to burning her seemingly bratty daughter .  however ,  the only connection this scene has to the rest of the movie ,  is the lead character ,  mario ,  who has the most stupendous mustache ever .  but ,  that's it .   the film was not effective on any level .  the music was too intrusive .  the lighting was very dark ,  so that some scenes are almost completely black .  it really is barely watchable -- what more can i say ? 
i admit ,  i had to fast forward through this poorly transferred dvd after about 30 minutes -- nothing was happening ,  and everyone has already described the  " plot .  "  but has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard !  i'm guessing the bratty kid did it ,  put it's never explained .  really trippy opening .   i wish this had been a better written or thought out film ,  because what we're left with if pretty daft and a movie that makes no sense isn't a  " clever "  movie ,  it's just a poorly executed film .   i would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage ,  i would like to see if it would help .  otherwise ,  this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through ! 
i was never quite sure where this thing was going .  these people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain .  they investigate ,  have narrow escapes ,  leave ,  come back ,  leave ,  put each other in danger ,  sleepwalk ,  get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes ,  etc .  ,  etc .  the guy seems to like the girl ,  but leaves her unprotected numerous times .  she gets taken off ,  he gets her back ,  leaves her again .  you get the point .  the whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice ,  i think ,  but i'm not sure ,  or turning people into witches ,  but i'm not sure .  it's just dull and endless and not worth the time .  there are some atmospheric scenes ,  but the print is so bad that there times when twenty seconds of blackness is not unusual .  is this caused by age or the overuse of night filters . 
i couldn't make sense of this film much of the time ,  and neither could anyone else ,  based on other reviews .  the opening scene of this film has virtually nothing to do with the rest of the story .  in it ,  a photojournalist with a big mustache cancels his vacation to get away from his girlfriend .  he is assigned to photograph a mountain range .  it's rumored to be haunted ,  but i couldn't tell whether he heard that from his boss or later in the film .  on his way ,  he meets a beautiful writer  ( patty shepard )  and convinces her to join him on his working trip .  throughout the film ,  there is this terrible music score ,  mostly consisting of noisy singing that makes you want to scream  " shut up already !  !  !  "  what really will gall a person is that the film always seems like it's about to become good ,  though it never does .  there is beautiful mountain scenery and some genuinely creepy atmosphere .  the inn and the silent ,  abandoned old buildings scattered on the mountain are rather ominous .  the foggy nights look real ,  not like someone put an artificial fog machine on the set .  and the idea ,  while not original ,  had potential .  but it never does improve ,  at least not enough to be worthwhile .  here's how it goes ,  more or less .  they stop at this inn run by a weird innkeeper  ( you expect him to be named igor )  with a hearing problem .  there is a scene where the writer thinks a peeping tom is in her window ,  but the scene is so dark ,  i had no idea what was going on .  whether this was poor lighting or a poor film transfer is unknown to me .  in any event ,  we never find out know what happened .  there is a scene where she wanders off during the night .  whether she is sleepwalking or mesmerized by the witches of the title is never explained .  another scene which is never explained is when their car is stolen ,  then found again ,  with nothing stolen .  they wind up in this apparently abandoned mountain village whose sole inhabitant is this seemingly kindly old woman .  there are other things ,  including a chained wild man in a cave who is never explained ,  an attempt to sacrifice the writer in some way  ( will they kill her or brainwash her into joining them ?  )  ,  the witches themselves ,  a bunch of brunette women in white robes who don't show up until the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained .  even the closing scene doesn't make any sense .  when all is said and done ,  most people will be saying ,   " huh ?  " 
highly implausible ,  unbelievable ,  and incoherent spanish production about .  .  . well ,  let me see just how close i can get to it .  the film opens with a woman having one of her cat's killed by a young girl .  she then begs her lover to take her somewhere on his vacation .  he calls work and demands that he loses his vacation time and she says he will pay for this .  what relevance this plays out to is anybody's guess at the film's end ,  because the guy ,  a swarthy photographer ,  spies a beautiful patty shepard ,  queen of spanish horror films it seems ,  taking her bikini top off momentarily so he can snap a picture ,  ask her out to lunch ,  and then to his assignment to witches mountain - for reasons again we are never privy to .  before they go ,  patty must stop by the house and loud ,   " eerie "  chanting echoes in our hero's ears .  again ,  this is never explained .  the film goes on with these two stopping at an inn ,  going on to the mountain ,  and finally realizing why the mountain is called witches mountain .  you know ,  there are several aspects to this film which make it better than a bad film .  it has some atmosphere ,  some of the character actors are really quite good ( especially the deaf innkeeper and the old woman )  ,  the leads are at least adequate ,  and the climax - though it makes absolutely no sense at all - is well-choreographed ( literally )  with the witches in white brassieres and long black hair .  it just doesn't make any sense though ,  and that is a huge detractor to me .  i could watch the film another ten times and still not know more now than i did after the first viewing .  that is a major problem .  the witches mountain is a curious film from the long line of cheap ,  atmospheric european horror films that blanketed that decade .  if you can get more out of it than me ,  better power to you . 
this was a fairly creepy movie ;  i found the music to be effective for this .  the photographs mario took of the village were also unnerving .  however ,  i had three problems with this film .  one is that the lighting was very dark so some of the time it was hard to tell what was going on ,  but this may have just been my copy .  the second is that the very beginning is not explained very well and i'm still not sure what was going on there .  the third problem is that i didn't understand the ending ,  but apparently some people do .  of course there are also the usual problems of people doing stupid things ,  and the male lead is very 70s .  all in all ,  watchable but not even close to being a favorite . 
saying this movie is extremely hard to follow and just as frustrating to sit through is putting it very mildly .  also saying that the current available print is dark ,  dreary ,  scratchy ,  abysmally edited ,  painfully dubbed ,  seemingly censored and in almost unwatchable shape is also correct .  this film is in dire need of a good remastering from the full ,  uncut ,  original negative and seeing how it's reasonably atmospheric  ( and won the director an award at the catalonia film festival )  ,  it might actually be worth the trouble .  then again ,  maybe not .  .  .  it's just impossible to tell in its current condition what kind of movie it actually is .  it starts fairly interesting ,  if you can discount the completely senseless pre-credits opening sequence ,  which involves a deranged cat-killing ,  snake-loving little girl named gerda .  the girls mom ,  carla  ( mónica randall ,  who should have laid off the eyeliner a little bit )  ,  splashes some gasoline around in the garage and torches the brat .  seemingly about as crazy as young gerda ,  she goes to visit her estranged photographer  ( ex ?  )  boyfriend mario  (  " john " /cihangir caffari )  .  he's on vacation from work ,  but so desperate to get away from carla that he begs his employers to set him up on an assignment .  .  .  any assignment .  she scowls  " you'll be sorry !  "  as he heads out the door .  well ,  mario is assigned to photograph  " witches mountain "   ( somewhere in the pyrenees ,  i believe )  .  before he gets to his destination ,  he gets sight of a hottie on the beach named delia  ( patty shepard )  and snaps a few pictures of her taking off her bikini top .  only slightly peeved ,  she claims to be a single writer ,  the two flirt and then decide it would be a swell idea if they went on the trip up the mountain together .  when they stop by her place so she can pack her bags ,  mario suddenly hears loud ,  sinister music .  delia claims he's just hearing things .   so the two begin their trip up the mountain ,  taking a stop at a local inn to spend the night .  there they encounter a weird ,  partially-deaf ,  crazy-eyed innkeeper  ( victor israel )  and delia claims someone was spying on here through her window .  the next day ,  under some trance ,  she wanders off up the mountain and is eventually located by mario ,  who hops out of his jeep and runs after her .  while he's finding out what's up ,  someone steals their wheels and they're forced to walk a piece ,  eventually finding the jeep undamaged at the foot of a small ,  ancient ,  seeming abandoned village .  .  .  almost like someone was trying to intentionally lure them there .  well as we will see ,  that's exactly what has happened .  in the village they encounter a friendly old woman named zanta  ( ana farra )  who claims she's the only person still living there and lets them stay in her home .  mario takes some pictures of the  " abandoned "  city and when he develops them they are eerily full of people .  slightly creeped out ,  he and delia begin to leave and get stuck in  " treacherous "  fog and have to pull over and camp out for the night .  the rest of the movie has to do with voodoo dolls ,  black cats transforming into sexy women ,  satanic rituals performed by ladies in their bras and a deadly fall off a cliff .  and yeah ,  coincidentally carla the estranged wife turns out to be one of the witches ,  too .  it all takes place in semi-darkness and to be quite honest ,  i didn't know what the hell was going on most of the time .  the inconclusive  " open "  ending is just an additional slap in the face to anyone having to suffer through the rest of this senseless mess .   honestly ,  there are just a few things that stand out to me as being really good .  the first is actress shepard ,  who has that great barbara steele kind of dark ,  mysterious beauty .  there's also an excellent music score  ( credited to fernando garcia morcillo )  and chanting songs ,  which aided immensely in making this film as atmospheric as it is .  the location work is fairly decent ,  but as i said ,  the print is ugly as can be and it doesn't make a lick of sense ,  so proceed with caution on this one . 
okay ,  what the hell kind of trash have i been watching now ?   " the witches' mountain "  has got to be one of the most incoherent and insane spanish exploitation flicks ever and yet ,  at the same time ,  it's also strangely compelling .  there's absolutely nothing that makes sense here and i even doubt there ever was a script to work with ,  but somehow i couldn't turn it off .  the scratching your head with confusion starts right away ,  with an opening sequence about an angry little girl that killed her mother's cat .  so you think this film revolves on children possessed by evil forces ?  heck no ,  because after this intro ,  the girl and her wickedness simply aren't mentioned anymore .  then cut to a guy ,  with the most impressively trimmed mustache you'll ever see ,  who breaks up with his girlfriend in a rather unsubtle way .  when she asks him to spend his vacation with her ,  he promptly phones his employer requesting him any type of assignment !  great move .  the movie finally starts now ,  as he travels to an isolated mountain area to photograph some peaks .  though not before he picks up a new girl  ( patty shepard )  and photographs her topless !  throughout their journey ,  all kind of strange events occur that  you guessed it  are never explained .  the girl wakes up in the middle of the forest ,  loud petrifying music plays everywhere and someone even steals the jeep !  really ,  car jacking witches ?  apparently a coven of silent witches owns the mountains and they practice voodoo on trespassers .  that's as close as i get describing the plot ,  but there's a good chance i'm way off more important here is the atmosphere !   " the witches' mountain "  is occasionally very creepy ,  with its spooky music and interesting cinematography .  the supportive characters all look uncanny and the ravishing patty shepard plays a good heroine .  this is the type of european horror film that could have been legendary ,  if only someone had bothered to write a structured screenplay . 
in europe ,  it's known as who dares wins ;  in america ,  it's known as the final option ,  but under any title this ludicrous sas action flick asks the audience to put their disbelief to one side for around two hours .  i find it incredibly hard to comprehend how lewis collins  ( the hero here )  was almost chosen as roger moore's successor in the bond films .  .  .  .  this guy is so expressionless he'd struggle to get a job in a waxwork museum  ( as a waxwork !  !  !  )  luckily ,  judy davis is on hand to partially redeem the affair with a meaty performance as a hard-line lady terrorist ,  and there's a climactic ten minute action sequence that is quite competently orchestrated by director ian sharp .  let it be added that it's a very ,  very ,  very long wait for these closing excitements to come around ,  and i can't honestly say that a near two hour wait for a bit of decent action was worth the effort .   sas hard man peter skellen  ( lewis collins )  goes undercover among a group of peace protesters who would like to see the end of nuclear weapons stock-piling .  he meets their leader frankie  ( judy davis )  ,  a strong-talking and opinionated woman who might just be capable of taking extraordinary measures to achieve her goals .  frankie's dedicated bunch violently lay siege to the american embassy in london ,  demanding that a nuclear missile be fired at a naval base in scotland  ( she believes that when the world witnesses a nuclear blast for real ,  everyone will be so appalled that they will join her campaign for disarmament )  .  unfortunately for frankie ,  she makes the mistake of taking skellen on her little embassy raid ,  and he plans to thwart their plan from inside with a little well-timed outside help from his sas comrades .   the film is inspired - quite obviously - by the awesome sas assault on the iranian embassy in 1981 .  someone who saw that event on the news apparently thought it would be good to devise a film along similar lines .  unfortunately ,  the film is rather banal ,  with too much stupid dialogue and a heck of a lot of embarrassingly bad scenes  ( the arch-bishop's debate which descends into a riot ,  anyone ?  )  frankie's idea to bring about peace by instigating a nuclear blast is ridiculous anyway ,  so she becomes a laughable figure just when the audience is on the verge of viewing her as an interesting villain .  who dares wins tries to be a celebration of the military legend that is the sas ,  but at the same time it dips into clumsy action clichés and ill-thought-out plotting .  the result is a well-intentioned but wholly ineffective slice of boy's own absurdity . 
it's 1982 ,  two years after the iranian embassy siege which involved the dramatic sas rescue from the balconys ,  and with a war with argentina over the falkland islands currently taking place ,  what better film to make than a gung-ho  " sas "  film that re-creates the iranian hostage siege ,  whilst using britains number one action hero of the day ,  lewis collins .  throw in edward woodward and a few other well known actors and you've got a winner on your hands ?  .  .  . well maybe not !  the film itself doesn't make the situation serious enough ,  whilst the acting is quite second rate .  it's like a movie long episode of  " the professionals "  ,  but without the formula .  this film goes nowhere fast and is quite predictable .  maybe cubby brocoli watched this film and decided to ditch lewis collins as a touted james bond replacement for roger moore .  watch it if your a fan of lewis collins or sas stuff in general ,  if not ,  save your time . 
not the best of the films to be watched nowadays .  i read a lot of reviews about shining and was expecting it to be very good .  but this movie disappointed me .  the sound and environment was good ,  but there was no story here .  not was there a single moment of fright .  i expected it to a horror thriller movie ,  but there was no horror no thriller .  the only scene where i got scared was during the chapter change scene showing  " wednesday "  .  there are lots of fragments i the movie .  most of the things are left unexplained with nothing to link it to anything .  the story does not tell us about the women or other scenes that is shown .  might be a good movie to watch in the 80's ,  but not for the 21st century . 
 .  .  .  just look at the poor robert webber character  ( great performance ,  once again !  )  who tries to wrestle a sub machine gun from one of the terrorists .  everything in this movie seems to be a little wrong .  the biggest mistake in my opinion is the effort to give the action a firm footing in the actuality of the early 1980ies  ( the fundamental difference between this flick and the far more fantastic ,  ironic and therefore timeless die hard )  .  the story comes through as a failed attempt to glorify the sas commandos .  ideas like when a commando shouts heads down "  all good guys do it and all bad guys don't so that they can blast away ad lib  ( with a good conscience )  ,  that the main character does not get mown down by the gas masked commandos although he wears the same clothes and carries a weapon from their arsenal just seem to be unlikely and make it hard to take the movie seriously .  and it just happens that it tries to be more than just fun .  don't talk about the toilet-mirror-signal episode  .  .  .   i don't mind the criticism of the pacifist movement as a shield for evildoers and the arguments between the peace fanatics and the settled ,  even headed representatives of power in this movie .  but the political comment is rather lame and uninspired .  this is insofar regrettable as the movie features an early performance of judy davies .  she plays the main fanatic and seems to have done extensive studies on the subject "  .  anyway ,  her performance is a notch above that of the others and somehow i feel the movie let her down . 
this is actually a pretty bad film .  the ideology is not as perverse as in those films collins made later .  however ,  my main misgivings about the film are that it is implausible and quite frankly boring for a long time .  the whole concept of an ex-sas man joining terrorists for no particular reason isn't very convincing and you can't help wondering why a group of highly organized terrorists  ( who later become pretty clueless )  fall for it .  the film starts with a pretty powerful scene but then meanders for quite a long time building up towards the great finale .  overall ,  i think who dares wins could have been an interesting 45 minutes episode of the professionals but the story doesn't carry a feature film .  although reasonably successful at the time this film initiated the demise of collins' career who in the eighties mainly made cheap and dubious soldier-of-fortune or army films .  pity ,  because he actually is quite a versatile actor but at the end of the day martin shaw chose his roles more carefully and has a career that's still successful . 
the motion picture was ,  in all likelihood ,  made in the year 1930 and released in 1931 .  i would surmise that talking motion pictures had great difficulty in making the transition from the silent era .  nevertheless ,  this particular zane grey plot appears to be very weak .  also ,  gary cooper was probably just learning to act .  the result is something that would not be acceptable by today's standards .  for 1931 ,  maybe .  for 2004 ,  not acceptable .  some of the actors performed well .  sadly ,  the indians always get the short end in these early westerns .  they were living on the land long before the white man came ,  but according to twisted history ,  they had no right to defend themselves . 
this is a very old and cheaply made film--a typical low-budget b-western in so many ways .  gary cooper was not yet a star and this film is highly reminiscent of the early films of john wayne that were done for  " poverty row "  studios .  with both actors ,  their familiar style and persona were still not completely formed .  this incarnation of gary cooper doesn't seem exactly like the cooper of just a few years later  ( he talks faster in this early film ,  among other things )  .   however ,  unlike the average b-movie of the era ,  there are at least a few interesting elements that make the film unique  ( if not good )  .  if you ever want to see the woman that was married to errol flynn for seven years ,  this is your chance .  lili damita stars as the female love interest and this is a very ,  very odd casting choice ,  as she has a heavy accent  ( she was french )  and wasn't even close to being  " movie star pretty "  .  incidentally ,  she was also married to director michael curtiz .    but for me ,  the most memorable and weird aspect of the film is the seemingly gay subplot--sort of like a brokeback mountain from the 1930s  ( and we thought this was a new idea )  .  gary cooper's character was raised by two men who hate women and do everything they can through much of the film to keep cooper clear of females .  this misogyny alone doesn't necessarily mean much ,  but there are so many clues throughout the film that indicate the makers of the film really were trying to portray them as a gay couple .  in particular ,  towards the end ,  when one of them is killed ,  the other is shot by an arrow and holds off dying long enough to crawl over to the body of his fallen friend and then falls--with his arms cradled around him !  this was pretty edgy stuff for the time and i think this makes this dull film really fascinating today !  as far as cooper and the plot go ,  the film is a bit of a disappointment and very skip-able .  unless you are curious about damita or the homosexual undertones ,  do yourself a favor and find a better western . 
ok ,  i kinda like the idea of this movie .  i'm in the age demographic ,  and i kinda identify with some of the stories .  even the sometimes tacky and meaningless dialogue seems semi-realistic ,  and in a different movie would have been forgivable .   i'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did ,  but it's not that easy when the filmmakers weren't trying at all .   the editing in this movie is terrible !  possibly the worst editing i've ever seen in a movie !  there are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn ,  leaning good editing is not one of them ,  but identifying a bad one is .   also ,  the shot .  .  .  oh my god the shots ,  just awful !  i can't even go into the details ,  but we sometimes just see random things popping up ,  and that ,  in conjunction with the editing will give you the most painful film viewing experience .   this movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is not an excuse also .  i've seen short films on youtube with a lot more artistic integrity !  joe ,  greta ,  i don't know what the heck you were thinking ,  but this movie is nothing but a masturbation of both your egos .  you should be ashamed of yourselves !  in conclusion ,  this movie is like what a really lazy amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 lousy sex scenes separated by long boring conversations and one disgusting masturbation scene .  if that's not your kind of thing ,  avoid this at all cost ! 
i admire 'kissing on the mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation ,  especially from the lead/director joe swanberg .  they weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday  " private "  occurrences .  unfortunately ,  the film falls under the 'the brown bunny' realm ,  though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy .  yes ,  it mirrors 'bunny' with a whole lot of nothing going on ,  or too many cinematography shots focused  ( or sincerely unfocused )  on absolutely nothing  feet ,  hands or genitals .  again ,  unfortunately ,  i can see why this film was released ,  and why people are renting :  true life sex scenes and full frontal  ( equally ,  both male and female )  nudity .  other than that ,  it was a complete waste of time .  we quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend .  other than that ,  we are subjected to the every-day events of their boring lives :  she works for her parents ;  he works on an extremely uninteresting sexual awareness project on his computer .  for this all to work ,  the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real .  neither work and it's as boring as watching someone drive for an hour ,  i . e .  'the brown bunny . ' the only actor that stands out is kate winterich ,  and even she does some questionable acting .   ( the dvd extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to .  )  again ,  i admire the filmmakers ,  especially swanberg ,  for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits ,  but overall the film falls flat .  it has narrations that doesn't fit the scenes ,  too many boring everyday events and unconvincing acting that you wonder ,  other than the soft-porn factor ,  why you rented this . 
this film was absolutely awful ,  i even feel uncomfortable calling it a film .  its the typical  " mumblecore "  movie ,  with zero plot and a bunch of aimless whiny twenty somethings stumbling around trying to  " figure stuff out "  .  i have tried to give mumblecore a chance ,  but lets be honest its just horrible .   i am not out of sync with cinema ,  i appreciate dogme95 films ,  idioterne is one of my all time favorite films .  so i do not mind if a film is cheaply made so long as there is some  ( any )  substance .   everything in this film is horrid ,  the acting ,  the writing  ( or was it all improvised ?  )  ,  the direction ,  but most of all ,  above everything else ,  the camera work was just plain and simple nonsense .  the camera was never anywhere logical ,  there was no consistency .  i got to admit being a guy i had heard there was nudity in this film so i thought to myself well even if its horrible at least there's nudity  ( yea i know ,  i'm a jerk )  .  well thanks to the uber crappy camera-work you never really get to see anything ,  and the things you do see ,  trust me - you do not want to see .  this film made me want to vomit on numerous levels .   the dialogue made me want to vomit ,  the camera-work made me want to vomit ,  but mostly the idea that this film was praised by some legit critics ,  well now that more than anything makes me want to vomit . 
 " it's like hard to like describe just how like exciting it is like to make a relationship like drama like with all the like pornographic scenes thrown like in for like good measure like ,  and to stir up like contro- like -versy and make us more like money and like stuff .  "  - ellen ,  the lost quote .    " kissing ,  like ,  on the ,  like ,  mouth and stuff "  is like the best like artistic endeavor like ever made .  watching like ellen's hairy arms and like chris masturbating was like the height of my years-long movie-viewing experience and stuff .  but before i like begin like breaking new u . s . -20-something-airhead records with the my  " likes "  ,  let me like just briefly list like the high- like -lights of this visual like feast :    1 .  chris doing the deed with his genitals .  and not just that :  the way the camera  ( guided so elegantly by ellen and patrick )  rewards the viewer with a full-screen shot of chris's fat white-trash stomach after he finishes the un-catholic deed - that was truly thrilling .  i can in all honesty say that i've never seen such grace .  chris ,  you should do more such scenes in your next movies ,  because that is exactly what we needed as a continuation of what that brilliant ,  brilliant man ,  lars von trier and his  " idiots 95 "  ,  started .  a quick w*** and then a hairy ,  fat ,  white belly :  what more can any movie-goer ask for ?  !  needless to say ,  i can sit all day and watch chris ejaculate  ( in spite of the fact that i'm straight )  .  .  .  such poetry in motion .  such elegance ,  such style .  no less than total ,  divine inspiration went into filming that sequence - plus a solid amount of zen philosophy .  even barbra streisand could not get any more spiritual than this .   2 .  ellen's hairy ,  thick arms .  the wobbly-camera close-ups ,  so skillfully photographed by our two directors of photography  ( i can't emphasize this enough )  ,  ellen and patrick ,  often caused confusion regarding the proper identification of the sex in question .  there were several scenes when we would see a part of a body  ( a leg ,  arm or foot )  ,  yet it was often a guessing game :  does that body-part belong to a man or a woman ?  naturally ,  chris and his fellow artists ,  ellen ,  patrick and whatsername ,  cast themselves on purpose ,  because their bodies were ideal for creating this gender-based confusion .  it was at times hard to guess whether one is seeing a female or male leg .  patrick is so very thin and effeminate in his movements ,  so hairless and pristine ,  whereas ellen and the other girl are so very butch ,  what with their thick legs and arms .  brilliant .    3 .  brilliant - especially the way that neatly ties in with the theme of role reversal between the sexes :  so utterly original and mind-blowing .  ellen behaves like a man ,  wants sex all the time ,  while her ex patrick wants to talk - like a girl .  spiffing .   4 .  ellen's search for a leftist mate .   " he must love 'the simpsons' ,  which is quite leftist .  "  i am glad that the makers of this movie decided to break the long tradition of offering us intelligent leftists .  ellen is such a refreshing - and realistic - change .  the number of  " likes "  that she and her liberal friends manage to utter in less than 80 minutes is truly phenomenal  ( 3 , 849 ,  to be exact )  .  they have managed to realistically transfer their real-life ineptness onto the big screen with a minimum of effort ,  and i applaud them for that .   5 .  the close-ups of toes .  plenty of stuff here for foot-fetishists ,  which i think is a very liberal ,  highly commendable way of reaching out to sexual minorities .  after all ,  shoe- and foot- fetishists are offered so little in modern cinema ,  so it's nice to see that someone out there cares .   kotm ,  or rather ,  klotlmas ,  offers more than meets the eye .  it is not just a modest little film about shallow people engaging in hollow relationships while indulging in meaningless conversations .  no ,  it's much more than that .  it's about the light that guides all silly creatures ;  the guiding light that dominates the futile lives of various pseudo-artistic wannabes who just dropped out of film school ,  and plan to assault our senses with dim-witted drivel that will hopefully play well at pretentious festivals like sundance and cannes ,  enabling them to gain the necessary exposure hence some real cash for a change ,  with which they will later hire the likes of sean penn and george clooney in promoting the saving of this planet and the resolving of all political problems this world faces .  what better way to do that than by making porn at the very start ?    if chris and ellen did the camera here ,  as is clearly stated in the end-credits ,  then who held the camera while the two of them were in front of it ?  they probably hired some passers-by and shoved the camera into their hands .  .  .   go to http : //rateyourmusic . com/~fedor8 ,  and check out my  " tv & cinema :  150 worst cases of nepotism "  list . 
what a time we live in when someone like this joe swan-whatever the hell is considered a good filmmaker .  .  . or even a filmmaker at all !  where are the new crop of filmmakers with brains and talent ?  ?  ?  we need them bad ,  and to hell with mumblecore !   this movie is about nothing ,  just as the characters in the film stand for nothing .  it's this horrible ,  so-called gen y ,  that is full of bored idiots ,  some of which declare themselves filmmakers with out bothering to learn anything about the craft before shooting .  well ,  orson welles was a filmmaker .  john huston was a filmmaker .  fellini was a filmmaker .  dreyer was a filmmaker ,  etc .  current films like these show just how stupid young ,  so-called  " filmmakers "  can be when they believe going out with no script ,  no direction ,  no thought ,  no legit  " camerawork "   ( everything shot horribly on dv )  ,  no craft of editing ,  no nothing ,  stands for  " rebellious "  or  " advanced "  film-making .  nope ,  it's called ignorance and laziness or just pure masturbation of cinema  ( and there actually is an in-your-face  " jack-off shot ,  "  so be ready )  .    look at the early films of any accomplished  " indie "  filmmaker :  linklatter ,  morris ,  allen ,  lynch ,  hartley ,  jarmusch ,  jost ,  lee ,  or herzog .  .  . none made anything as tedious and aimless as this ,  yet swan-whatever the hell ,  is still going to sxsw every year and hailed as some kind of gutsy ,  new talent .  it's crap !  i can't imagine anyone liking this ,  and everything else this so-called filmmaker has done  ( all seen by me )  is just as bad  ( the newer stuff clearly made to appeal to a more mainstream audience ,  one of the sitcom calling )  .  steer clear ,  unless you're a friend or family member of those involved .  .  . on second thought ,  if you're a family member or friend you'd probably be embarrassed to see a family member or friend in such compromising situations .  .  .   utter garbage .  this isn't art .  this is the ultimate opposite of it . 
the cowboys could leave you a little sore in the saddle .  definitely not one of johns best movies .  don't get me wrong ,  with any john wayne move there is always some good spots .  and this one has it's fair share .  but over all the picture moves slow and just doesn't live up to the aspirations it could have been .  bruce dern again does an outstanding job as the villain .  roscoe lee brown is another bright spot in the movie .  the kids in the movie were average but could have been cast better .  this would be a good movie for the eight to fifteen year old movie goers .   this would be a good family move to watch with your children .  just be aware ,  there is a couple of scenes that you may want to take a look at before you let the young ones see it .  but most kids that i know who have seen the movie like it .  maybe it's because they get to see kids their age do all the grown up work . 
these writings write about the end of the plot so don't read it if you haven't seen this rubbish .   i found this rubbish film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror .  if i owned a video store i'd put it in the boring section .  this film is so rubbish it will make you feel like you have lost your socks .   this film contains endless shots of people driving as if that was scary .  well i drive to work and back  ( and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats )  almost every day and trust me it's not scary .  it even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving .  even the little kid does it too .  round and round he goes and he never stops .  what's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour ?  i think nothing and if you watch it you will not think so too .   the family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around endlessly looking at kitchens .  then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for no reason .  that's all that happens and as you can see it's rubbish . 
camille 2000   aspect ratio :  2 . 35 : 1  ( panavision )   sound format :  mono  whilst visiting rome ,  an amorous nobleman  ( nino castelnuovo )  falls in love with a beautiful young libertine  ( daniele gaubert )  ,  but their unlikely romance is opposed by castelnuovo's wealthy father  ( massimo serato )  ,  and fate deals a tragic blow .  .  .   a sexed-up love story for the swinging sixties ,  adapted from a literary source  ( alexandre dumas' 'la dame aux camelias' )  by screenwriter michael deforrest ,  and directed with freewheeling flair by radley metzger who ,  along with the likes of russ meyer and joe sarno ,  is credited with redefining the parameters of 'adult' cinema throughout the 1960's and 70's .  using the scope format for the last time in his career ,  metzger's exploration of 'la dolce vita' is rich in visual excess  ( note the emphasis on reflective surfaces ,  for example )  ,  though the film's sexual candor seems alarmingly coy by modern standards .  production values are handsome throughout ,  and the performances are engaging and humane  ( castelnuovo and gaubert are particularly memorable )  ,  despite weak post-sync dubbing .  though set in an unspecified future ,  enrico sabbatini's wacked-out set designs locate the movie firmly within its period ,  and piero piccioni's 'wah-wah' music score has become something of a cult item amongst exploitation devotees .  ultimately ,  camille 2000 is an acquired taste ,  but fans of this director's elegant softcore erotica won't be disappointed .  next up for metzger was the lickerish quartet  ( 1970 )  ,  which many consider his best film . 
it is like what the title of this thread say .  only impression i got from that movie is that marlee matlin's character was always angry ,  so cynical ,  and so pathetic .  her character's first date with william hurt's character where they were dancing were dumb .  all in all ,  i've tried to finish watching the movie four times ,  and of all four times i fell asleep .  i would keep watching that movie with one intention .  .  .  to beat my problem with insomnia ,  because all it do is to put me to sleep .  sweet dream . 
the movie itself is so pathetic .  it portrayed deaf people as cynical toward hearing people .  true ,  some deaf people are wary of dating hearing people ,  but they are not necessarily angry like of marlee matlin's character was throughout the story .  deaf people do not go to the bar and dance the way matlin did .  all in all ,  the movie itself is more boring than pathetic .  it is so boring that i'd like to believe that it is an insomnia-cured movie .  if i have a problem sleeping ,  i can simply pop in children of a lesser god and watch .  it will put me to sleep .   keep in mind ,  this is a deaf guy talking . 
sorry .  someone has to say it .  this really is/was a dull movie .  worthy perhaps ,  but dull nonetheless .  i nearly cried with boredom when watching it .  the acting is pretty dire ,  the story drawn out and predictable ,  the score and camera-work totally standard and unexciting .  it's one of those movies you are not allowed to hate  ( becase it is about disabled people )  but hate it i suspect nearly everyone does .  it is interesting that critics have been so kind to this movie .  i suppose they too are not allowed to be objective .  this was made to win awards - which i remember it duly did .  but it was neither interesting nor entertaining .  i haven't seen the play so cannot compare . 
so ,  this movie has been hailed ,  glorified ,  and carried to incredible heights .  but in the end what is it really ?  many of the ways in which it has been made to work for a hearing audience on the screen do not work .  the fairly academic camera work keeps the signing obfuscated ,  and scenes that are in asl are hard to follow as a result even for someone who is relatively fluent .  the voice interpretation of matlin's dialogue ,  under the excuse that hurt's character  " likes the sound of his voice "  ,  turns her more and more into a weird distant object as the film goes on .  matlin does shine in the few scenes where her signing is not partially hidden from view .  but nonetheless ,  most of the movie ,  when this is a love story ,  is only showed from a single point of view ,  that of the man .  as ebert said ,   " if a story is about the battle of two people over the common ground on which they will communicate ,  it's not fair to make the whole movie on the terms of only one of them .  "   the idea that an oralist teacher who uses methods that have been imposed in many deaf schools for decades would be presented as  " revolutionary "  is fairly insulting in itself .  his character becomes weakened as a credible teacher as the movie goes on .  drawing comedy from a deaf accent is ,  quite honestly ,  rather low .  and his attitude towards the male students of his class is pretty symptomatic of how he seems to act with women :  as an entitled man .  a party scene involving a number of deaf people including a few academics meeting together leaves him seemingly isolated ,  in a way that's fairly inconsistent with his credentials :  i have seen interpreters spontaneously switch to asl between each other even when they weren't aware of a deaf person being in the area ,  and yet somehow he feels like a fish out of the water in an environment his education should have made him perfectly used to .  as a lover ,  he seems like a typical dogged nice guy ,  including his tendency to act possessively afterwards .  and yet the movie is ,  indeed ,  only really seen through him ,  as everything his lover says is filtered through his voice .    the scenes involving the other deaf kids are ,  in general ,  wallbangers .  the broken symbolism fails ,  the dance scene ,  the pool scene ,  even the initial sleep scene which is supposed to carry some of it - all these scenes that try to hint at the isolation of the deaf main character are broken metaphors ,  at best :  many hearing people i know do dance on the bass beats that deaf people feel  ( instead of squirming like copulating chihuahuas )  ,  and going to take an evening dive for a hearing person is rarely an excuse to make a deep statement on the isolation of deafness  ( no ,  seriously ,  when i go swim ,  i go swim )  .  .  .   it also fails at carrying the end of the play ,  instead making it a story of a deaf woman who submits to a strong man .  even though the original play ended with a more equal ground ,  where both have to accept each other as they are ,  and where he has to finally recognize her real voice is the movement of her hands ,  not the vibrations in her throat .   and for all the breakthrough that it may have seemed to be ,  marlee matlin remains hollywood's token deaf woman to this day . 
when i rented this movie ,  i had very low expectations .  .  .  .  .  . but when i saw it ,  i realized that the movie was less  ( a lot less )  than what i expected .  the actors were bad  ( the doctor's wife was one of the worst )  ,  the story was so stupid .  .  . it could work for a disney movie  ( except for the murders )  ,  but this one is not a comedy ,  it is a laughable masterpiece of stupidity .  the title is well chosen except for one thing :  they could add stupid movie after dead husbands !  i give it 0 and a half out of 5 . 
dead husbands is a somewhat silly comedy about a bunch of wives conspiring to bump off each others husbands` .  it`s by no means embarrassingly bad like some comedies i could mention but it never fufils its potential  .  imagine how good this could have been if we had the farrelly brothers directing ben stiller in the role of carter elson  .   oh is carter based on jerry springer  ?  just curious because the catch phrase on dr elson`s show is  "  look after each other and keep talking  " 
you can be fooled by your first impressions .  as in ,  initial reactions to a movie ,  for example .  as in ,  the first time i saw this movie i was bedazzled by the idea of it  ( first of all ,  i love black comedies )  .  could even - despite being male ,  myself - empathise with the feisty girls' fervor to see their husbands deceased without delay .  was tripped up by my own face-value  ( and ,  i do mean  " face-value "  )  response to nicolette sheridan and a couple of the other delicious dames in the picture .  it just goes to show you that you've gotta step back from a situation sometimes and see that it's bad  ( and not  " bad good ,  "  either )  :  the reason i'm giving this movie a  " 4 "  rating is because of ms sheridan and her gams  ( the rest of 'er is pretty good ,  too )  ;  but this movie has all the hallmark tv movie characteristics - which means you'll be disappointed if your a lover of movies made for the big screen .  the story contains plot holes you could run a tunnel through - and i'll generally overlook holes in a plot if the overall thing does it for me ;  and i just experienced an incredible letdown the second time i saw it .  i don't think it's a total waste of time ,  but .  .  .  . 
there is only one thing essential to thorough appreciation of the indian runner .  unzip your trousers .  peek inside .  is there evidence of a y chromosome ?  okay ,  you'll do .   this film has all the male requisites :  blood ,  guns ,  car chases ,  fond women ,  death ,  multiple tattoos ,  cigarettes ,  liquor ,  violence ,  pyrotechnics -- what have i left out ?  -- oh ,  yeah ,  blowtorches .   as a woman ,  i seriously hope sean penn regards this as a `when i was a child .  .  . ' kind of effort .  since he both wrote and directed the thing ,  he's nearly solely responsible .  an uneven cast  ( viggo mortensen as usual demonstrating brilliantly how the job's supposed to be done )  tries to save penn .  too late .  the lines and action are there .  even devoted ,  skilled acting can't change those .   i found this movie puerile and silly ,  as well as predictable .  the dialogue staggers along -- sandy dennis has my respect for trying to breathe life into a woodenly maternal monologue without motherly authenticity .  then she dies .  after a bit ,  so does the protagonists' father ,  played by charles bronson .  their absence is hardly noticeable .   at intervals ,  the pyrotechnics ,  etc .  ,  noted above appear to liven things up and scare the audience into thinking something significant is occurring .   if you're male and under 25 ,  you may adore this film .  plan to return to it at 35 .  think you'll still like it ?   i don't think so . 
penn takes the time to develop his characters ,  and we almost care about them .  however there are some real problems with the story here ,  we see no real motivation for the evil brother's behavior ,  and the time line is screwed up .  supposedly set in 1963 ,  the music is late 60s/early 70s .  the references and dialogue is 70s/80s .  the potential for a powerful climax presents itself ,  and penn allows it to slip away .  but even with all these difficulties it is worth the watch ,  but not great . 
many king fans hate this because it departed from the book ,  but film is a different medium and books should change when they make the jump .  that notwithstanding ,  the movie does fail completely ,  but it fails entirely on film terms .  i'd like to smack the people who tell me it's the scariest movie ever made .  i always follow up with the question  " really .  .  .  exactly what scene scared you ?  "  every fan i've asked ,  goes silent .  occasionally someone ,  at a loss for a decent scare  ( there are none .  .  .  )  ,  names the  " grape-juice-shooting-out-of-elevators "  shtick .  if you're afraid of that ,  i don't know what to tell you ,  except maybe that you're easily scared .  i just rolled my eyes watching these z-grade horror ideas play out in this schlocky ,  incoherent movie .   one place it diverts from the book and really is insipid is the tedious work the movie does to get mr halloran up to the overlook only to kill him ;  with the dumbest member of the audience knowing that jack is waiting behind one of the columns in the corridor that it takes halloran forever to walk down .  really one of the stupidest sequences ever put on film .    oh ,  and nice choice for mr .  halloran's artwork stanley !  black light afro-nymphomaniacs really add to the mood and character development of a horror movie .  has there ever been a more  " off ,  "  out-of-place shot in any movie ever made ?   i consider it a miracle that i was eventually able to bypass this turd ,  and agree that kubricks 2001 is a truly important film ,  given the immense 'bad will' generated by both this stupid ,  stupid movie ,  and the cult of fawning but inarticulate kubrick fan-boys ,  who couldn't describe an idea at work in it with every film resource in the library of congress in front of them .    toss in the grotesque overacting of jack nicholson ,  the introduction of dumb one-liners at tense moments ,  and the razzie nominated performance of shelly duvall and you have a very crappy movie . 
thin story concerns two small town brothers and their struggles over family honor .  david morse is the responsible ,  straight-laced cop and 'good' brother ;  viggo mortensen ,  the 'bad' boy ,  is a former soldier and ex-convict .  as an actor  ( particularly in his earliest years )  ,  sean penn seems to have modulated his performances under the method .  turning first-time writer and director for this arty ,  obtuse drama ,  he works his script and characters out through the same methodical process ,  slowing the pacing down to a crawl  ( ostensibly so we can catch every nuance and inflection )  .  this approach might be fascinating if there were three-dimensional characters to care about ,  but photogenic morse and mortensen aren't really convincing as siblings .  worse ,  we expect more from prominently-billed veterans charles bronson and sandy dennis ,  who hardly get a chance to come through with anything interesting .  the picture is balky with turgid sequences ,  a wobbly narrative and confusing editing  ( always slanted to point up the artistic excesses )  .  penn's tricks with the camera show off a talented eye ,  yet they are mostly an irritation .  *1/2 from ****
i don't like sean penn's directing very much ,  and this early work ,  the indian runner ,  is no exception .  the movie has no core ,  it's colored with a kind of redneck ,  anti-authoritarian tweeness that in all honesty taints most of penn's work ,  his latest work even more so than the earlier .  frank miller ,  robert rodriguez ,  clint eastwood ,  sean penn ,  the whole lot seem to produce such fundamentally banal product ,  ostensibly in some allegiance to honesty ,  but ending up being ,  for the most part ,  glorified pro wrestling matches ,  and moralistic ,  almost as if hallmark cards had developed a line of hell's angels greetings ,  and make me long for the days of deliverance ,  which is a fine movie .  viggo mortensen's acting is much ,  much more believable here than that ridiculous eastern promises thing he did with cronenberg ,  and that's about it .  the movie is dead meaningless ,  and seems to be an exercise ,  a series of techniques ,  more than a story .  kudos for charles bronson ,  however ,  who proves he can act .  and i wanted more of sandy dennis' character .  a lousy 3 out of 10 for this the indian runner crap . 
there is something in most of us ,  especially guys ,  that admires some really working class small town  " real men "  populist fare .  and sean penn serves it up for us with a cherry on top .  hey ,  a lot of people use penn as a political whipping boy ,  but i don't rate movies or actor/directors based on politics or personality .  that is what right wing commentators like excretable faux movie reviewer debbie schlussel does .  while acknowledging he is one of our best actors and a good director ,  i think this picture was a simplistic piece of aimless dreck that he has atoned for since .    okay ,  you have the gist of this there is this good cop ,  a small town trooper ,  joe ,  played against type by david morse ,  who in the opening scene chases some guy on a country farm road in big sixties cars .  the bad guy stops ,  gets out ,  shoots at him so joe has to blast him dead .  there was no explanation what drove this man to do such a desperate violent thing and the dead man's parents do some redneck freak out at the police station while joe feels real sad and guilty that he had to kill someone .  so we know that joe ,  the farmer forced off his land into a cop job ,  is a good basic sort of guy .  then his brother frank shows up ,  he is a sadistic ,  amoral bully ,  fresh out of the army and nam where the war got his blood lust up .  some people here and in other reviews called him just an irresponsible hell raising younger brother and sean was trying to make some point about what our john wayne tough guy culture and war does to otherwise good people but what i saw was an amoral ,  sadistic bully who enjoys hurting and ripping people off .  then there is mom and dad ,  marsha mason and charles bronson ,  who do the requisite turn as old fashioned country couple ,  then die off ;  she by illness and he by shotgun suicide ,  to advance the story for us .  both times frank the bad guy is away being a miserable sob .  but good joe brings him back to podunksville from jail so frank can straighten his life out by welding bridges and living with his utterly stupid screaming trashy pregnant wife .  but joe has a nice wife ,  played by italian actress valeria golina ,  who is mexican and sean uses this as an exercise in some affirmative action embellishment of goody joe and his real soulfulness underneath his uniform and crew cut .  for me ,  that was an utterly pointless affirmative action subplot that sean uses to burnish his tough guy creds by sucking up to mexicans because mexicans are so tough and cool .   but frank is bad and we get the requisite events like stealing friend's car ,  robbing gas station by beating the clerk over the head then torching the car and all those cool things that hell raisers do .  then there are the mandatory 8mm film childhood flashbacks of young joey dutifully moving the lawn and cowboy dressed franky jumping on his back and wrestling him and yadda yadda so we all know what deep bond there is between the two of them .   so the film meanders around with a lot of small town schlock to warm the heart of any red stater .  accompanying the film was a great soundtrack of good sixties songs like jefferson airplane and janis joplin which were totally inappropriate ,  except for the 60's era effect ,  to win the hearts of old hippies .  the worst offense is that ,  since the movie was inspired by a springsteen song ,   " the highway patrolman "  ,  that song was not included .    so joe's brain dead wife goes into labor and joe runs off to the bar to get loaded and spout some populists drunken victim's spiel about how tough things are while good joey comes to drag him back to his wife .  the bartender is good ole ceasar ,  played by dennis hopper .  so viggo - frank whigs out for no particular reason and beats his pal ceasar to death after good joe the cop leaves .   so joe has chase his bad brother down and i was so hoping that he would do the right thing and blow that menace to society away .  instead we get a scene where his brother stops ahead of him in some old 50's junker on some lonely road at night ,  and little franky in his cowboy suit and cap guns gets out of the car to face good joe ,  the kid from the 8mm flashback home movie sequence .  oy ,  such dreck !  then to top off this drecky sap fest ,  there is some zen crap about the indian runner ,  who is a messenger ,  becomes the message ,  ala marshall macluhen ?  see what i mean ,  sean has done much better than this so don't be afraid to miss this one . 
******spoilers******  the unfunny radio quiz show host kyser and his mediocre band are the excuse for lugosi ,  karloff ,  and lorre to pick up a paycheck in this bland ,  sporatically watchable haunted house spoof .  lugosi is a mystic whose seances are exposed as a fraudulent attempt to bilk an heiress' fortune ;  karloff is the butler and lorre is a professor who exposes fake mediums ,  but it turns out that they're both in conspiracy with lugosi .    of course ,  kay kyser and his band of 30-something year old  " kids "  uncover the truth with the minimum of possible humor along the way .  not recommended to any but the absolute horror completist . 
solid comedy entertainment ,  with musical interludes ,  it generates a fast pace that carries proceedings along in zestful tempo through a maze of humorous and chiller complications .  boris karloff ,  bela lugosi and peter lorre form a strong setup of sinister villainy .  the script contains all the standard mystery film props-sliding panels ,  secret passageways ,  thunder and lightning and poisoned blow-darts .  karloff ,  lugosi and lorre go in for heavy leers and obvious melodramatics of the gaslit era .  kay kyser and his band offered great entertainment for the people living in the 1940's who were trying to forget about the horror's of world war ii . 
i knew my summary would get you .  how is this movie like a pet rock and disco ?  !  well ,  unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s ,  you probably can't understand why anyone would like a new coke or own a pet rock  ( and frankly ,  at least in the case of pet rocks ,  i still don't understand it completely )  .  they're just a couple things that seemed to make sense at the time but really baffle the younger generation .  the same can be said for kay kyser and his band .  at the time  ( the 1940s mostly )  ,  they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with boris karloff ,  bela lugosi and peter lorre in this film .  yet ,  if you didn't live at that time  ( it was well before my time )  ,  you wonder why anyone liked this sort of  " entertainment "  .  after all ,  kyser and his band mates are incredibly obnoxious and their humor is very ,  very broad  ( i . e .  ,  unsophisticated and cheesy )  .  frankly ,  i couldn't stand their antics nor did i appreciate that there were just too many musical numbers in the film .  because of these factors ,  the great supporting cast was given a back seat and fans of these actors will probably be disappointed .   the film involves kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live .  once there ,  the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin .  eventually ,  it culminates in some attempts on sally's life and a séance  ( of sorts )  .  it's all played for laughs--and it's really not a horror movie despite the cast .   overall ,  it's passable entertainment at best .  as a lugosi and karloff fan ,  i sure felt cheated having to watch kyser and his knuckleheads . 
one of the silliest movies of the 1940s ,  an unbearable haunted house comedy with music starring kay kyser .  kyer ,  orchestra leader and radio-star  ( and eternal college fraternity goof-off )  ,  was sort of the precursor to spike jones ,  hamming it up for his guests and backed up willingly by his merry troupe of musicians .  he's hired to play a birthday party in a gloomy mansion ,  the kind where poison darts imported from africa are framed and hung on the wall .  the shindig is beset with a creepy judge ,  a scary professor ,  an ominous swami ,  lots of giggly females ,  and enough bad jokes to fill three bob hope pictures .  the songs  ( by jimmy mchugh and johnny mercer )  are nothing to brag out ,  and neither is over-confident kyser ,  yukking it up with elbow-in-the-ribs material that turns 1940 back ten years .  * from ****
i'm afraid this one is pretty dreadful ,  despite several good performances and generally competent acting-for-the-camera direction .  it's a first and last attempt by writer-director soo lyu .   " rub and tug "   ( 2002 )  is one of the unfortunate by-products of canada's program to promote home-grown film-making .  while the program encourages worthwhile efforts like  " new waterford girl "  it opens the door for untalented novices like lyu who did not have to aggressively pitch this project but was green-lighted without an adequate examination of her script or her credentials .    you don't mind the low budget because the shabby production design ,  bad lighting ,  poor audio ,  and dreary docu-style shot selection is consistent with the subject matter ;  the workers in canadian massage parlors .  but the dialogue and the plotting doesn't give the actors anything to work with ,  the editor much to assemble ,  or a viewer any mental challenge other than suspension of disbelief .  when your story is this simplistic the last thing you need is a muddled storytelling technique ;  even though nothing happens ,  the movie is hard to follow and point-of-view impossible to pin down .    don mckellar's performance as conrad is several notches below his similar characterization in  " exotica "  .  lindy booth's lea is her standard quirky airhead ;  as always she is likable but here she is little else .  kira clavell's cindy is a pleasant surprise ,  a kind of asian shelley duval .  the only other role of any consequence ,  tara spencer-nairn's street-wise betty ,  more than cancels out her excellent performance in  " new waterford girl "  .  her shallow performance in  " rub and tug "  should curtail any tendency to seek out other films in which she has appeared ;  unless you need further confirmation of  " waterford "  director alan moyle's skill in working with young actors .    you quickly conclude that lyu's reptilian brain cannot grasp concepts like plot complexity ,  so the need to insert a lazy and lame  " deus ex machina "  device toward the end is hardly a surprise .  still it could be worse ,  the listless story has so little internal logic anyway that the unlikely ending is not as painful as would normally be the case .    then again ,  what do i know ?  i'm only a child . 
if my memory is correct ,  when this movie was released it came across as something of a comedy - a funny look at the adult entertainment industry .  if that's what it's supposed to be ,  it doesn't really work .  it just isn't that funny .  setting that rather significant  ( since this is called a comedy !  )  failure aside ,  since i have no personal knowledge of the subject matter ,  i'll avoid comment about the authenticity of the story - which deals with the goings on behind the scenes in a toronto massage parlour ,  except to say that - if this is true - the life is pretty dull .    for over an hour ,  this movie really doesn't give us much of anything except some background knowledge of the main characters .  conrad is the newly hired manager of the massage parlour whose basic job apparently is to make sure the girls aren't giving  " full service "  - a euphemism for actual sex .  as for the girls themselves ,  betty's goal is to buy a parlour of her own so that she can run her own business ,  cindy is an illegal immigrant to canada working to support her family back home and leah is - well ,  leah is a somewhat strange ,  undefined character with a nipple fetish - true - who seems to be in the business because - well ,  because she's in it !  i have no idea what her character was about .  those three may well fairly reasonable composite characters who accurately represent the motivations of the women who get involved in this business .   the movie meanders about and doesn't offer much until the  " twist "  reveals conrad to be the bad guy .  we should have gotten to that point sooner .  the only thing truly interesting here was that part of the story - conrad's secret plan and the revenge plotted against him by the girls .  that plan for revenge was pretty good ,  and you're grateful when it comes out because basically up to that point you're wondering why you wasted your time with this .  had the story been more focused on the revenge ,  this might have actually been a fairly funny movie .   the performances from the 4 leads were all ok ,  although i didn't think anyone came across as outstanding .  all four characters were a bit shallow .  cindy was a sympathetic character ,  and so was conrad for a while ,  although he turns out to be the bad guy of the movie .  given the subject matter ,  there's surprisingly little nudity  ( and what there is is restricted to one scene .  )  in fact ,  there even a certain air of innocence around a lot of this .  as for the overall quality of the movie ,  it's a low-budget effort ,  which shows ,  although you expect a certain griminess ,  i suppose ,  of a movie set in the context of a body rub parlour ,  so that's forgivable .  it certainly says something ,  though ,  that this was released 8 years ago now and is still the only credit on writer-director soo lyu's resume and - given the normal lack of depth in the canadian film industry - that it wasn't even deemed worthy of being nominated for any genie awards - the canadian version of the oscars .  4/10 - and i'm being a bit generous with that . 
this apology for a movie is about absolutely nothing !  rachel griffiths must have needed the money .  the film must have been made on a very low budget ,  because the lighting was non existent .  i made a vow if i ever see pete postlesumthingor other i'll commit suicide .  i'd be happy to know if there was 1 )  a plot or 2 ) a script .  my biggest regret is i wasted my time watching this rubbish . 
i hate this movie !  it was nothing like the book ,  and just thinking about it makes me mad .  if you watch the movie before reading the book ,  then yeah ,  it's a good movie .  but king's book was amazing and this movie was nothing like it .  i mean ,  the general meaning might be sort of similar but most aspects of the movie are completely different .  the ending for example !  so in the book it is extremely intense and danny and wendy escape seconds before the hotel explodes .  but in this horrible movie version jack like takes them through a stupid maze .  .  .  yeah ,  there is no maze in the book and there is no reason for it .  another part that made me angry was that jack just kills mr .  halloran !  what the heck ,  he is basically the hero of the book and they just kill him off like he wasn't important .  overall ,  it was just bad that the movie was so extremely off . 
billed as a kind of sequel to the full monty ,  about unemployed men in sheffield ,  this movie is a fake .   as someone born in sheffield ,  and still with links to the city ,  i was extremely disappointed by this film .  someone said it could have been set in oklahoma ,  and that just about sums it up for me .  this looked like a romantic view of northern england made for the us market .  probably many americans - and many southern english people - don't realize that sheffield is a big city of around half a million inhabitants ,  with a sophisticated urban culture .  in among giants it was depicted as some dreary dead-end semi-rural small town ,  where everyone in sheffield seemed to drink in the same old-fashioned pub ,  and where the people's idea of a party was line-dancing in some village-hall lookalike .  this was a small close-knit community ,  not a metropolitan city .   the working-class sheffield men were totally unlike their real-life counterparts ,  who are generally taciturn and communicate with each other in grunts and brief dry remarks .  they don't chatter ,  and they certainly don't sing in choirs .   even the rural settings ,  supposedly in the peak district ,  looked alien to me .  i recognized a few places where i used to go hiking ,  but some of the aerial shots of pylons stretching out over a bleak landscape reminded me more of wales .  indeed ,  in the credits at the end i spotted a reference to gwynedd ,  wales .  the peak district is ,  in the summer ,  crawling with walkers and tourists in cars .  it is situated between two big cities .  it is not some kind of wilderness .   as for the notion that a young woman could fall in love with ,  and lust after ,  pete postlethwaite ,  that was ludicrous ,  and could only have been a male dream .  her reasons for becoming his lover were never made apparent .  none of the men was shown as having a partner or families ;  they existed in a vacuum .   anyone wanting to see a film about unemployed sheffielders would have been led astray .  this sheffield existed only in the minds of its middle-class writers and film-makers .   it was a gigantic fake !   
americans have the attention span of a fruit fly and if something does not happen within the span of a typical commercial ,  we tend to lose interest really fast .   i found out an exciting fact from this film :  someone has to paint high tension utility poles and do it on a schedule !  and guess what ,  they really would like to be doing something else  ( the viewer has similar feelings )  .   surprisingly ,  when i was bored watching late night infomercials and decided to actually watch this film ,  i found the characters to be interesting and highly engaging .   i just don't usually watch that much late night tv ,  so i can't recommend this film ,  unless watching paint dry is your idea of an exciting two hours out of your life . 
movie didn't have much plot and was uninteresting .  basically you spend a lot of time watching people paint .  also it's very difficult to hear or understand the dialogue -- partially because of the accents ,  but also because words are mumbled . 
well ,  i guess i'll have to be the one to say  " the emperor has no clothes .  "  when i saw this show listed for pbs last night i was both hopeful and apprehensive .  i loved  " morse "   ( even going so far as to buy the complete dvd set )  and felt that ,  while i always liked kevin whately's sgt .  lewis character ,  the show was john thaw ,  period !  after watching the new  " inspector lewis "   ( as it is billed here )  ,  i am more convinced then ever that i was right .  .  . whately is fine  ( even though he looks awful  ( both badly aged and too fat )  ,  but he simply doesn't have the charisma to carry the show as did thaw .   and as for his  " sidekick "  fox ,  well .  .  . perhaps the reviewers here from england can understand what he's saying ,  but i for one mostly could not .   as for ms .  innocent .  .  . all i can say is that i miss james grout .   i'm sorry to say that they should have left  " morse "  rest in peace . 
what a disappointment .  .  .  admittedly the best of the prequels ,  but the story is weak ,  the plot is rushed and the end result is just a collection of set pieces ,  poorly realised and tacked together amateurishly .  there are numerous continuity errors that clash glaringly with the original films ,  and the emergence of darth vader was handled so terribly that what could have been a legendary moment in modern cinema is now instead a cheesy goof that will be ridiculed for many years .  i won't complain about the abysmal dialogue ,  as this is star wars .  .  .  the original three films had style ,  cult feeling and cracking stories ,  and the strange dialogue added charm .  the prequels were shallow attempts to make more money ,  and this lack of love shows in spades .  utterly disappointing . 
this kind of storytelling is unacceptable the only reason this film is anywhere above the 5 stars out of 10 line is because it's got george lucas behind it ,  and it has the words  " star "  and  " wars "  in its title .  that is an insult to aspiring filmmakers ,  and many others out there who have made clearly superior films with superior story ,  writing and acting ,  but did not get the credit .  this is a travesty .   first things first .  the story .  anakin's evolution ?  there is none .  apart from a little make-up around the eyes ,  and a little yelling ,  there is none .  he becomes young ,  stupid ,  cocky anakin skywalker to darth vader in a single blow .  the only thing consistent about darth vader in the original series was his intelligence ,  how good he was at almost everything he did ,  planning ,  fighting ,  you name it .  the only consistent thing about anakin that is perceived in the prequel trilogy is his consistent stupidity .  he even loses his body because of a bout of stupid cockiness .   what part of the emperor palpatine telling him legends of the sith does not point to the emperor being a sith ?  unacceptable !   the fight scenes used too many digital doubles .  everyone's flying all over the place like teddy bears in a make-believe doll house .  count dooku ,  emperor palpatine ,  anakin ,  obi-wan ,  almost every fighter had a rubbery digital double jumping around .   in one specific fight scene ,  obi-wan and anakin in the climactic battle ,  they both actually stop in the middle of parries and ripostes ,  to twirl their sabers a few times while inches apart .  i realize the fights are choreographed ,  but that just got me shaking my head in disbelief and disgust .   the writing was awful .  all the dialogue was of tremendously low quality .  the good actors like ewan mcgregor and natalie portman did the best they could with their lines ,  but that just wasn't enough .  i can't say enough bad things about this film .  too much special effects ,  plot holes bigger than the centre of the universe ,  and absolutely no insights into any of the characters .  this is the biggest mistake of this film :  nothing new is offered .  we know the rough picture of everything ,  all lucas did was colour it in .   we knew anakin lost his limbs .  we knew luke and leia are brother and sister ,  we knew luke is anakin's son ,  we knew obi-wan and yoda go to exile ,  we knew everything .  nothing new is offered in this film .  if that's all the fans wanted ,  then that's fine ,  lucas couldn't have gone wrong .   but when anakin finally becomes darth vader ,  and he asks after padme ,  and hears she is dead ,  he reaches out his arms awkwardly and screams  " nooooooooooooooooooooo .  "  that scene screamed b-movie all the way ,  and i was half expecting darth vader to go  " danger will robinson ,  danger "  at any time .  that is what this is .  a b-movie ,  disguised by a huge budget and a ultra-loyalist fan base that will settle with anything now that the first two movies have pulled their standards down to the pits of the earth . 
revenge of the sith starts out with a long action sequence that is impressive without being terribly exciting ,  then gets really boring for the next hour and fifteen minutes ,  with the same horrible dialogue and dull machinations that have plagued the rest of the prequel series .  the only thing that improves the proceedings is the slow--and i mean slow--build-up to what we know will be the birth of darth vader .  and when that finally comes ,  it's pretty all right .  not great .  not even good .  but pretty all right .  this movie is being vastly over-praised because it does not suck to high heaven like the previous sequels .  instead it's just turgid ,  dull ,  and routine .  but you have to say ,  wow ,  those cgi environments are really impressive at times .  bu the lightsabre fights ?  they're all a blurry mess .  i think the dark side took hold of lucas when he started these prequels and no one noticed .  this will make a ton of money ,  but thank god it's over ,  this once-worshipped franchise has been beaten down enough .  i saw the 12 : 01 show ,  and after it ,  i heard a group of very small kids say ,  wow that was awesome !  but everyone older than eight all grumbled the same thing :  i fell asleep in the middle .  it was kind of boring .  i just thought seeing the birth of darth vader would be better .  so said we all . 
first let me preface this post by saying that i am a fan of the original star wars movies .  .  . i don't read the books ,  play the games ,  wear the underwear or eat the cereal  ( if there is one )  .  i am simply a fan of the films .   with that being said ,  i struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise .  taking this movie by itself ,  and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors  ( ep 1 ,  2 )  ,  i don't understand how you can say this is an amazing movie .  for all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue ,  contrived scenes  ( ie r2 suddenly being a badass ,  and long cgi intense chase scenes that have little human touch )  ,  horrible acting ,  and noted plot holes .  .  . how is this good ?  there was no real internal dilemma within anakin ;  it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden .  i was not interested in the movie until the last 20 minutes or so  ( which by the way was ruined by the  " noooooo !  "  frankenstein scene )  .  when you bombard the screen with intensely amazing cgi effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely atrocious one-liners when more could have and should have been said ,  this is not a great movie .  for a film with such a  " dark "  tone ,  there was too much levity in the speech of all characters .   i close with a question :  from the beginning to the end of the film ,  was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place ? 
ludicrous .  angelic 9-year-old annakin turns into whiny brat 19-year-old annakin ,  who somehow seems appealing to amidala ,  5 years his senior .  now 22-year-old jedi warrior hero annakin has a couple of bad dreams ,  and so takes to slaughtering children ,  his friends ,  and the entire framework of his existence because a crazy old man convinced him a )  his precious wife might really die ,  and b )  only he can prevent this .  ludicrosity squared .   i think the people who like this movie are not paying attention .  the story is ridiculous .  the characters are unbelievable  ( literally ,  not the perverted sense of  " fantastic "  ,   " wonderful "  ,  etc .  )  .   obi-wan kenobi was the wise and kind anchor for the entire series ,  but in the climax ,  he hacks off annakin's legs ,  lets him burn in the lava ,  and leaves him to suffer .  doesn't anyone think that's a little out of character ?  not to mention it was pretty stupid to take a chance on him living ,  as it turns out .   i was expecting at least a story that showed consistent characters with plausible motivations .  none of that here .  the story could have been written by a 10 year old .   oh yeah ,  the cgi is pretty cool . 
i'm trying to decide if jumping into a wood chopper would be more enjoyable than this dreck .  it finishes the destruction of what was once a classic couple of films .  with jedi ,  menace ,  clowns and sith we have the death of lucas' career .  he wants us to swallow the annakin is vader nonsense ?  i never believed it was true .  this film vindicates those feelings .  the story hasn't worked since phantom moron ,  and each new film just piled the crap on until all that was left was a toy parade .  i have to go .  i know where some new rocks to throw are .  you want spoilers ?  here they come .  luke and leia are not related .  vader is not their father .  duke countoo should have switched sides while he still could .  yoda has less verbal skills than yogi berra .  his advice has never been any good to anybody .  obi wan lied to luke for the first two films .  annakin didn't build c3p0 .  he found him in the desert and lied to his mom about putting him together from scratch .  chewbacca has fleas .  this whole mess with vader and the fall of the republic can be blamed on that stupid b***h amma-lamma-ding-dong .  if she had any brains she wouldn't have come within a light year of annie ,  but she had told do what george lucas wrote for her .  what a dope ! 
i caught this stink bomb of a movie recently on a cable channel ,  and was reminded of how terrible i thought it was in 1980 when first released .  many reviewers out there aren't old enough to remember the enormous hype that surrounded this movie and the struggle between stanley kubrick and steven king .  the enormously popular novel had legions of fans eager to see a supposed  " master "  director put this multi-layered supernatural story on the screen .   " salem's lot "  had already been ruined in the late 1970s as a tv mini-series ,  directed by tobe hooper  ( he of  " texas chainsaw massacre "  fame )  and was badly handled ,  turning the major villain of the book into a  " chiller theatre "  vampire with no real menace at all thus destroying the entire premise .  fans hoped that a director of kubrick's stature would succeed where hooper had failed .  it didn't happen .   sure ,  this movie looks great and has a terrific opening sequence but after those few accomplishments ,  it's all downhill .  jack nicholson cannot be anything but jack nicholson .  he's always crazy and didn't bring anything to his role here .  i don't care that many reviewers here think he's all that in this clinker ,  the  " here's johnny !  "  bit notwithstanding .  .  . he's just awful in this movie .  so is everyone else ,  for that matter .  scatman crothers' character ,  dick halloran ,  was essential to the plot of the book ,  yet kubrick kills him off in one of the lamest  " shock "  sequences ever put on film .  i remember the audience in the theater i saw this at booing repeatedly during the last 45 minutes of this wretched flick ,  those that stayed that is .  .  . many left .  king's books really never translate well to film since so much of the narratives occur internally to his characters ,  and often metaphysically .  kubrick jettisoned the tension between the living and the dead in favor of style here and the resulting mess ends so far from the original material that we ultimately don't really care what happens to whom .   this movie still stinks and why so many think it's a horror masterpiece is beyond me . 
to make a film straddling the prequels and the  " real "  star wars trilogy would tax even a great film-maker .  .  .  . mr lucas is not that film-maker .   to portray the fall of a good man into darkness needs a good actor .  .  . mr christensen is not that actor .   the first 60-80 minutes are overwhelmingly boring with only a few pockets of yet more light sabre fights but there is a lack of edge because you already know which main characters survive to the original star wars .   count dooku  ( christopher lee )  has a very fleeting role here and about the best idea is to have jar jar binks silent !    no the film only picks up with the chancellor turning on the jedi and has one great  ( overlong )  sequence at the lava falls
well ,  i finally saw it .  i didn't go when it first came out because ,  well ,  frankly ,  i was afraid .  afraid of how bad it might be ,  or how disappointing .  while not as bad as menace ,  and better than clones ,  it wasn't particularly memorable ,  or satisfying .   i was 11 years old when i saw star wars .  i still remember sitting in the theater .  from the opening crawl to the final credits it was a movie experience i'll never forget .  a timeless story of the bored farm-boy who just knows he was meant for more ,  saving the princess and the galaxy from the evil menace while being mentored by the wise wizard ,  the rogue pirate and the various comic relief--all in a space-opera setting .   and that's not to chastise lucas for using an old formula .  it's an old formula precisely because it works .  and to his credit ,  he gave it new twists that made it very special .   then came empire and the story became more than just a fairy tale .  darkness entered the picture and we learned one of the great movie twists of all time .  the great villain ,  vader was luke's father .  wow ,  no one saw that coming .  of course ,  i'm convinced neither did lucas till it showed up in the screenplay .  go back and watch star wars again .  knowing what you know now ,  particularly in light of the first three episodes ,  see if it really meshes .   which brings me to the problem i have .  revenge is an entertaining movie--tremendous effects ,  plenty of action ,  some good fighting scenes .  but a movie still lives or dies on its plot--the story it is telling .  oh ,  certainly ,  really good acting can save a weak plot ,  but a weak plot coupled with bad acting--that's a burden no director can overcome ,  certainly not one as bad as i'm forced to realize george lucas is  ( the man has managed to direct some of the worst performances in their careers from some very fine actors--liam neeson ,  natalie portman ,  samuel jackson )  .   *****spoilers ahead******** the plot .  oh my .  understand ,  he's already handicapped by what's happened in the first two films so it's an incredible burden .  one too much for him to overcome .   first we have the sheer absurdities of the background .  we have anakin being found as a child on tatooine ,  the product of a virginal ,  miracle birth--the  " chosen one "  .  well ,  this detail never gets remotely explained .  indeed ,  the closest explanation is yoda's observation that maybe they were wrong .  oh ,  well ,  okay then .  our mistake .   now ,  this same wunderkind turns out to be the creator of c3po .  hey ,  what a coincidence that is .  and he'll come back to tatooine and never know he was from there ?  wow !  how about that .  testing the old willing suspension of disbelief there ,  eh george ?  anyway ,  we have this bratty kid ,  moody ,  petulant ,  whining young adult ,  who must somehow become one of the greatest villains in cinematic history--the great tragedy of darth vador--the good guy who falls from grace ,  only to finally achieve redemption in the end .   how ,  pray tell ,  does this happen ?  why ,  he has a dream that his wife will die in childbirth .  now ,  sure ,  he lives in a star-spanning civilization that treats gravity like we treat gasoline ,  but does it occur to the  " dark one to be "  to maybe check with a physician cause maybe ,  just maybe ,  this futuristic society might can do something about this problem ?  why ,  no ,  the only thing he can think to do is go kill some children because the bad guy at the root of all the evil they've been chasing for two films tells him that he's got the secret to immortality .   well ,  of course he does .   sheesh .   how can lucas expect us to watch such foolishness and be moved by it ?  how can anyone expect us to care ?  hell ,  why would anyone want this brat to be saved or redeemed in the first place .  i wanted kenobi to kill him not because he was evil ,  but because he was pathetically stupid .   oh ,  by the way ,  amidala finally dies .  in childbirth .  why ?  well ,  they don't know .  the doctor ,  who is a droid and himself indicative of the incredibly high technology to which this society has advanced ,  offers only the conclusion of  " she's lost the will to live "  .  well ,  oh ,  okay ,  of course she has .  maybe it finally dawned on her what a dweeb she was sleeping with .   but here we are .  we have kenobi present for all this .  he knows of the birth of luke and leia .  knows who their father is and knows what happens to them .  knows ,  also ,  the role of both r2 and c3po .  and yet ,  in several years ,  as luke approaches manhood and shows up with 3po and r2  ( curiously ,  3po's mind is wiped ,  but not r2's--why ?  ?  ?  ?  )  stating  " i think these droids belong to you "  ,  kenobi ,  who knows that the protocol droid was constructed by the one he believed to be  " the chosen one "  and apprentice to the emperor himself ,  and who just happened to be built on this very planet ,  says  " strange ,  i don't recall owning any droids "  .   oh good grief .   lucas simply made this up as he went along .  once he introduced vader as luke's father ,  sadly ,  the story began spinning out of control because he didn't know what the story was .  the plot of episodes 1-3 is simply incomprehensible .  nothing palpatine did made any rational sense at all .  and none of this ties into the story he originally told in star wars .   it's an afterthought ,  and it looks it .   i can't give this movie a high rating .  it reminds me of triple x .  a fun film to watch ,  but entirely forgettable .  star wars will stand in my mind forever .  thankfully ,  this one ,  and the two preceding it ,  will soon fade . 
at one point ,  violet  ( lucy liu )  tells neil  ( cillian murphy )  that why she constantly seeks out for an adventure .  she said  " because i'm bore-phobic "  .  it mean that she can't really get on with her life by doing some mandatory activities .  well ,  i think her reason and the way this film go is very ironic .  because  " watching the detectives "  is a cheer boredom .    have any of these characters actually doing something exciting for once ?  neil is a geek who runs his own very small video rental shop .  he and his other geek friends usually hang out around the shop and watching movies together while debating about them afterward .  but neil's life is completely turned around when violet walks into his store .  she's an eccentric woman who hides a little secret from him .  anyway ,  after some dates ,  they decide to see each other .  the problem is violet is a person who keep doing prank jokes on neil and can't really doing something normal ,  whereas neil is completely opposite to hers .  the question is .  is they are going to be in love at the end ?  you bet .    " watching the detectives "  is a cliché romantic-comedy to its core .  and they made it even worst by pretending to be something else .  from the first couple of set-up ,  we know that neil is pretty laid-back guy who didn't really commit to anything .  and then ,  violet enters the scene ,  looking all weird and annoying .  so at this point ,  we all know that we're going to sit though all meaningless situations to find out how they're going to end up in the end .  is it worth waiting for ?  i would say no .   as i said ,  they tried to give something more for the audience .   " watching the detectives "  is trying to talk about commitment .  to observe how far people go to reach for something they desire .  we knew in the end that insane things that violet has done is all the test how far neil is ready to go to win her heart  ( or whatever )  .  well ,  i think it is completely bullshit .  this movie will end pretty quick if neil just said to himself  " forget about it ,  that girl is one of a nutjob  !  "  after collaborating with many great directors recently  ( danny boyle's  " sunshine "  and  " 28 days later "  ,  ken loach's  " the wind that shakes the barley "  and neil jordan's  " breakfast on pluto "  to name a few )  ,  it's pretty weird choice for cillian murphy to make a movie with one of broken lizard comedy troop ,  paul soter .  by all means ,  he's not bad  ( as usual )  ,  but such a talent actor like him shouldn't be wasting his time in the movie like this .  on the other hand ,  lucy liu is dreadfully awful as violet .  her acting is a mess .  i mean it's all over the place and so over-the-top .  tony montana would have been proud .   the last but not least mistake that movie made is a completely irrelevant title .  you simply can't really connect a dot between the plot and its title ;  and then you will end up thinking that it makes no sense at all .  in short ,   " watching the detectives "  is pleasant if forgettable motion picture that you might have a chance to catch it on cable tv so quick that you couldn't imagine .   bloodymonday rating :  1 . 5/4
lucy alexis liu and cillian murphy are both excellent actors ,  who can certainly rise to any acting challenge put to them .   unfortunately 'watching the detectives  ( 2007 ) ' offers only one to both actors and audience alike :  not to fall asleep during a mind-numbingly boring ,  very predictable and unimaginative story .   'watching the detectives  ( 2007 ) ' tries very hard to be funny ,  but the comedy is forced ,  extremely poorly directed and embarrassing to the verge of complete ridicule .   after a third of the film still nothing that may capture even the most willing audience ,  like the director's friends and relatives ,  is even hinted at ,  not to mention actually happening .   i'm pretty sure everybody who liked it faked it or had to fake it like neil's ex-girlfriend did when he showed her an old b&w film she couldn't care less about .  'watching the detectives  ( 2007 ) ' is nowhere near category b ,  it falls somewhere between q & r ,  like -questions ?  and -repress the questions !  the director knows what he's doing !  well ,  if his goal was to bore the viewer to death ,  he has done a very good job !   'watching the detectives  ( 2007 ) ' was a complete waste of time for lucy alexis liu and cillian murphy ,  bur please don't let it be a waste of your time !   rating :  0 out of 100 . 
basically this is a pale shadow of high fidelity ,  which was a witty and wonderfully acted film with several truly winning character turns .  watching the detectives has none of that .   the premise of a video store geek swept off his feet by a quirky mystery woman is a good one but is never fully or adequately explored ,  thanks to a very weak script and the miscasting of the leads ,  not to mention the lack of any real visual story-telling style .  i mean ,  this film is centered around movies ,  yet is itself incredibly uncinematic !  that's a major failing right there .   but the main problem is we simply don't care about the main characters because the script and the actors  ( murphy and liu )  fail to make them true or sympathetic in any real way .  so the film just becomes a series of episodes involving two people who seem ,  well ,  not terribly interesting .   oh ,  yeah ,  another thing :  for a romantic comedy ?  it's not funny .  and the romance isn't terribly romantic ,  either .   so avoid it .  even at its 90-something minute running time it's just not worth sitting through .  .  . 
i'm not even gonna waste time on this one ;  it's not funny ,  not scary ,  practically unwatchable and only occassionaly gory ( the fx suck though ( no pun intended )  )  .  this is a disclaimer ;  watch at your peril !  ask yourself 1 question ;  are slugs scary ? 
just kidding !  this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen !  it was so bad though ,  that it was hilarious .  my friend and i purposly rented it because it looked so bad .  cheesy old horror flicks are always good for some laughs .  the plot stunk ,  some of the voices were dubbed ,  the quality was horrendous .  but i sure had a blast watching it ! 
is seismic activity with little or negligible results on the surface .  so in that respect ,  imdb's average voting score is spot on .   a spanish film made in the usa with third or fourth rate actors giving a kind of  " falcon crest "  dimension to the whole affair is a wonderful way to waste your time ,  as well as wasting the money of those who backed the project financially .   the slugs involved are originals from asturias ,  northern spain ,  but as they were not allowed into the united states ,  plastic ones had to be made .  however ,  chopping them up in the lettuce being used for making the evening dinner-time salad contrasts rather weirdly with parisienne music as well as a rather tatty array of other us forgotten hits  ( or misses if you have no idea who was responsible for composing it )  .  the actors involved were also a rather tatty array ,  just suitable for a low-budget film which might be categorised as horrific ,  horrifying ,  horrible or just simple awful .   as a result ,  the outcome is negligible on the surface ,  undetected underground ,  and about as attractive as chapter 17 , 000 of coronation street or the latest news from baghdad . 
in all of low budget history .  this movie has to be one of the worst .  true ther are some humorous sides to the movie ,  but in general it was just plain awful .  i just can't understand what person could not out run a bunch of slugs .  i mean they have to be one of the slowest creatures on the planet .  the only part worth while in this movie is the close up of a slugs attempt to bite the finger of a man .  this was rather amusing . 
ok ,  where do we start with this little gem ?  mutant slugs begin to take over a small new england  (  ?  )  town .  only one man can stop them .  .  .  and that man .  .  .  is mike brady !  now ,  if that wasn't laughable enough ,  stay tuned .   the footage of the slugs is what's known as stock footage .  no matter who the slugs attack or where they are ,  the same shot of piles of slugs oozing everywhere is shown .  keep in mind ,  this singular shot occupies at least half the movie .   the acting in the movie was knock down ,  drag out ,  steal your wallet ,  punch your girlfriend ,  kill your dog ,  bad .  i'm sure there's worse ,  but you're going to be hard pressed to find it .  the only gem was .  .  .  you guessed it .  .  .  .  mike brady !  he must have taken a few night classes at the ymca ,  because he was the best in the bunch .   as for horror ?  this film is not to be taken seriously .  there isn't horror !  they're slugs for crying out loud .  the entire rising action could have been avoided with a salt shaker or two .  only watch this film in a mst3k type environment ,  otherwise i can see some major damage to the brain . 
kubrick meets king .  it sounded so promising back in the spring of 1980 ,  i remember .  then the movie came out ,  and the kubrick cultists have been bickering with the king cultists ever since .   the king cultists say stanley kubrick took a great horror tale and ruined it .  the kubrick cultists don't give a damn about king's story .  they talk about steadicams ,  tracking shots ,  camera angles . this is a film ,  they insist :  it should be considered on its own .  as it happens ,  both camps are correct .  unfortunately .   if one views it purely as an adaptation of king's novel ,   " the shining "  is indeed a failure ,  a wasted opportunity ,  a series of botched narrative gambits .    i used to blame that on kubrick's screenwriter .  the writer diane johnson  ( author of le marriage ,  l'affaire ,  le divorce ,  etc .  )  has a reputation as an novelist of social manners .  maybe she was chosen for her subtle grasp of conjugal relations or family dynamics .  but the little blue-collar town of sidewinder ,  colorado doesn't exist on any map in her francophile universe .    kubrick the anglophile probably found her congenial ,  however .  he ,  of course ,  is the real auteur .  and considered on its own merits ,  his screenplay for  " the shining "  -- with its mishmash of abnormal psychology ,  rationalism ,  supernaturalism ,  and implied reincarnation -- just doesn't stand up to logical analysis .   i'm willing to consider kubrick's  " shining "  on its own terms .  i'm even willing to take it as something other than a conventional horror-genre movie .  but it doesn't succeed as a naturalistic study of isolation ,  alienation ,  and madness either .  parsed either way ,  the film pretty much falls apart .   are the horrors of the overlook hotel real ?  or do they exist only in the mind -- first as prescient nightmares suffered by little danny torrance ,  then as the hallucinations of his father ?  one notes how whenever jack torrance is seen talking to a  " ghost "  he is in fact looking into a mirror .  one notes how the hotel's frozen topiary-hedge maze appears to symbolize jack's stunted ,  convoluted psyche .  very deep stuff .   but if indeed the overlook's  " ghosts "  are purely manifestations of jack torrance's growing insanity ,  then who exactly lets the trapped jack out of the hotel kitchen's dead-bolted walk- in closet ,  so that he can go on his climactic ax-wielding rampage ?   and can anyone explain ,  with a straight face ,  that black-and-white photograph  ( helpfully labelled  " 1921 "  )  of nicholson as a tuxedoed party-goer that pops up out of left field and onto a hotel-ballroom wall during the film's closing seconds ?  are we to seriously conclude that jack torrance's bad craziness stems from a some sort of  " past life "  experience ?   ( and if you swallow that ,  since when are reincarnated people supposed to be exact physical replicas their past selves ?  )   maybe kubrick didn't care about his storyline .  maybe only wanted to evoke a mood of horror .  whatever the case ,  the film tries to hedge its narrative bets -- to have it both ways ,  rational and supernatural .  as a result ,  the story is a mess .  this movie hasn't improved with age ,  and it certainly doesn't improve with repeated viewings .   i don't deny that a few moments of fear ,  claustrophobia ,  and general creepiness are scattered throughout this long ,  long film .  but those gushing elevators o' blood ,  seen repeatedly in little danny's visions ,  are absurd and laughable .  and jack torrance's infamous tag lines  (  " wendy ,  i'm home !  "  and  " heeeeeere's johnny !  "  )  merely puncture the movie's dramatic tension and dissipate its narrative energy .   ( i know :  i sat in the theater and heard the audience laugh in comic relief :   " whew !  glad we don't have to take this stuff seriously !  "  )  finally ,  kubrick is completely at sea -- or else utterly cynical -- during those scenes in which wendy wanders around the empty hotel while her husband tries to puree their son .  a foyer full of mummified guests ,  all sitting there dead in their party hats ?  yikes ,  now i really am afraid .   given jack nicholson's brilliance over the years ,  one can only assume that he gave just the sort of eyeball-rolling ,  eyebrow-wiggling ,  scenery-chomping performance that the director wanted .  the performance of shelley duvall ,  as a sort of female version of don knotts in  " the ghost and mr .  chicken ,  "  is best passed over in silence .   this movie simply doesn't succeed -- not as an adaptation ,  not on its own terms .  it probably merits a 3 out of 10 ,  but i'm giving it a 1 because it has been so grotesquely over-rated in this forum . 
all you really need to know about this movie comes after the opening scene ,  where a guy falls into a lake and gets eaten .  then they start rolling the title credits :  you see  " slugs !  "  in big letters ,  followed shortly thereafter by  " the movie .  "  whew !  i was worried i had accidentally tuned into  " slugs :  the musical "  or  " slugs :  the game show .  "  anyway ,  from there the movie deteriorates into a kill-fest .  you see a guy cut his hand off because he had slugs in his gardening glove ,  two people get attacked by slugs while having sex ,  and a girl falling on her back in an underground passageway get stung to death by killer slugs .  it's a pretty silly movie ,  falling in the  " so-bad-it's-good "  category .  it also is shot so poorly with such grainy film that you're shocked to learn it was made in 1988  ( my guess was 1974 )  .  i'm very surprised it has received as high a score as it has here ,  because most people here don't give those types of movie any love .  but if you want a movie that tries to be scary but ends up being laughable ,  this is one of your prime candidates . 
this could have been a rather entertaining film ,  but instead it ranks with other duds like leeches and rest in pieces at the bottom of the cinematic food chain .  had they played this flick tongue-in-cheek ,  it could have been a very entertaining film ,  like re-animator or dead alive ,  but juan piquor simon plays it tongue-in-cheek in spots but straight more often .   the premise of this film is a small community that is besieged by mutated slugs .  there is an abandoned toxic waste dump near a sewer line that mutates the slugs into aggressive ,  meat-eating monsters - albeit monsters that move slowly and can be squished under your boot .  health inspector michael garfiled and two accomplices are the only people that seem willing to fight the slugs while the sheriff and mayor think they are crazy .  the climax is a laugh riot - unintentional at that - which makes you scratch your head as to how stupid  ( actors and screenwriter )  the scenario of destroying the slugs is .   story :  $$  ( no new ground charted here .  simon seems to play the gore elements tongue-in-cheek but the dialogue is straight .  had simon worked with a clever script - one with plenty of one-liners and eccentric characters ,  this could have been a cult film )  .   violence :  $$$  ( you won't be letdown here .  we get plenty of exploding chest cavity scenes as well as a grand head explosion in the middle of a fine italian restaurant .  the blood and guts ,  that many horror film watchers enjoy ,  is in full swing here .  you also get corpses of people who have been picked clean by the slugs and plenty of slug smashing scenes )  .   acting :  $  ( wow !  michael garfield seems to know that this script is a stinker and he delivers his lines with a facial expression that suggests he knows how preposterous this film-making endeavor is .  kim terry ,  as his wife ,  does an adequate job even though she does little beyond the hold-your-face-while-you-scream bit .  the  " teenagers "  were all horrible actors - no exceptions .  man ,  this film could have used bruce dern or jeffrey combs !  )    nudity :  $$  ( two teens get naughty in bed before they get dispatched - in a poorly done scene - by a horde of slugs that crawled into the girl's bedroom .  both male and female nudity here )  . 
mike brady  ( michael garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic  " the warriors "  )  is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town .  not just any slugs ,  mind you ,  but carnivorous killer bigger then normal ,  mutated by toxic waste slugs  ( who still only go as fast as a normal slug ,  which isn't that frightening ,  but i digress )  .  no one will believe him at first ,  but they will .  oh yes ,  they will .   ok ,  killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below johnathon winters as mork's baby in the creepiness factor .  so the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go .  the flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so bad that it's good' variety .  i appreciate that they spelled out that this was slugs :  the movie as opposed to slugs :  the children's game or slugs :  the other white meat .  probably not worthy of watching it more than once and promptly forgetting it except for playing a rather obscure trivia game .  director juan piquer simón is more widely known for his previous films  " pod people "   ( which mst3k deservedly mocked )  and  " peices "   ( which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie ever made )    eye candy :  kari rose shows t&a   my grade :  d+   dvd extras :  merely a theatrical trailer for this movie
this is a mildly interesting late 80's gore fest featuring some nasty slugs with a taste for human blood .  if you can get past the ridiculousness of the whole thing you might actually get some minor enjoyment out of this .  the acting is awful and the plot is simply there to hold the movie together between gory slug attacks ,  but the movie isn't a complete waste of time .  the special effects are actually quite good ,  and the gore is well done .  it reminded me of the remake of the blob ,  probably because of the sliminess of it all .  all in all ,  you could certainly do worse with an hour and a half of your time ,  but i wouldn't suggest seeing this movie unless you've got a strong stomach and are into this sort of thing . 
i love killer insects movies they are great fun to watch ,  i had to watch this movie as it was one of my favourite horror books by shaun hutson .   i have met him and i wish i did listen to him as this movie was terrible like he said it was , after he said that i was still dying to see how bad it was .   the plot :  people are dying mysteriously and gruesomely ,  and nobody has a clue what the cause is .   only health worker mike brady has a possible solution ,  but his theory of killer slugs is laughed at by the authorities .   only when the body count begins to rise and a slug expert from england begins snooping around does it begin to look like mike had the right idea after all .   this movie as the most overacting you ever see a movie !  slugs in this movie are fast  ( then normal )  and it looks like they fast forwarding the scenes !    this movie is nothing like the book at all ,  the book was ten times scarier ,  ten times gory and had a lot more story to it !   i didn't like this movie at all !  as i am huge fan of slugs the book and second book called breeding ground !  both of books are great   read the book then watch the movie ,  you may like more then i did give this 2 out 10
  the movie  " slugs "  is unique because the titular vermin are actually the good guys in this horrific tale of nature gone awry .  you see ,  these poor slugs have been mutated through the pollution of evil humans and don't mean to do anything malicious ,  they're just slugs- slugs with sharp teeth who eat flesh and excrete poison ,  but slugs none the less .  the real bad guys are the humans ,  who either actively try to destroy our beloved slugs ,  or overreact when they encounter them .   for example ,  take the scene where the guy puts on the glove full of slugs .  they were just hanging out in a comfortable work glove when out of nowhere this giant hand came at them ,  and they reacted instinctively ,  defending themselves and biting the guy .  now ,  instead of seeking medical attention for his slug bite ,  this guy runs around his greenhouse screaming like an idiot ,  spills some highly volatile chemicals ,  starts a fire ,  knocks a bookcase over on himself ,  and cuts off his own hand- then the fire and volatile chemicals mix and his house explodes .  how can you blame that on the slugs ?   this movie paints a portrait of humans that is less than favorable .  the characters in this movie include the dumb sheriff who hates everybody ,  the drunk hick who's mean to his dog ,  and the lumpy sidekick whose wife is at least forty-five years older than him .  there's also a set of drunken teens  that get attacked while copulating ,  and we have to see the skinny long-haired freaks' genitals .  meanwhile ,  there's a guy who looks like a demonic leslie neilson who yells  " you don't have the authority to declare happy birthday !  "  for some reason .  finally ,  this parade of loathsomeness is rounded out by the guy from the mst3k classic  " pod people "  whose face explodes after eating a slug-laces salad  ( another easily avoided fate blamed on the helpful ,  harmless slugs )  .   humans are portrayed as greedy ,  stupid ,  racist ,  alcoholic ,  and ,  in one pointless scene ,  as would-be rapists .  in the movie's climactic scene ,  the villainous humans try to burn the slugs who are cowering helplessly in the sewers ,  well ,  since they're idiots ,  the humans succeed in blowing up the entire town .  they alone do more damage than the slugs ever did !   if you hate humans ,  and i know i do ,  you'll appreciate  " slugs "  .  if you're a fan of bad cinema ,  you'll also appreciate this crapfest from the director of  " pieces "  and  " pod people "  .  there's enough bad acting ,  silly dialog ,  illogical plot twists ,  lame special effects ,  pointless scenes ,  and poor dubbing to hold your attention . 
this movie features two of my favorite actors in kilmer and downey .  it also boasts the always enjoyable larry miller in a too-small part .  despite this i found it to be nearly unwatchable .  michelle monaghan may be pretty but she is nearly charisma free and the reasons for downey's character's obsession with her character is not at all understandable in terms of the information the film presents or the way it's portrayed .  the ending seems pretentious and though the intention seems to be that the audience should join in the nod and wink the film ,  having failed to bring us in on the side of its protagonists leaves us unwilling or unable to do so .   fans of the film say that those who disagree simply  " don't get it "  .  i don't think this is so .  the plot was not complicated or beyond understanding .  it was simply uninvolving and clumsily and obviously manufactured .  i  " got it "  .  i just didn't like it .  paddy breathnach's  " i went down "  and guy ritchie's  " snatch "  and  " lock ,  stock and two smoking barrels "  are much better realized examples of the kind of film-making that director shane black fails to achieve .   i share a birthday with shane black but a look at his credits  ( mostly as a screenwriter ) makes me want to dissociate myself from any other connection . 
if you seen rodney dangerfield's previous movies and performances ,  you'll recognise several of the jokes made in this odd piece of dreck .  written like a sitcom ,  this movie fails to strike any sort of likeable chord throughout ,  from the self-help doctor played by the aways sexy-as-chopped liver molly shannon to the 'i'm fat ,  and therefore funny' john linette .  the 5 wives themselves are likeable enough ,  and if this had been done as a pilot for an action-adventure series ,  it might have worked .  instead ,  it comes off like a male fantasy that's trying hard not to be politically incorrect . 
as much as i love rodney dangerfield ,  this was a terrible movie .  the plot was kind of a holistic rip off of various movies ,  but unfortunately they forgot to rip off any good jokes .  in addition it was annoying and boring and that's being kind .  if you're looking for a good laugh ,  rent a copy of private parts . 
when rodney dangerfield is on a roll ,  he's hilarious .  in my 5 wives ,  he's not on a roll .  the timing of the one-liners is off ,  but they're the best thing going for the movie .  the five women who play the wives don't add up to one whole actress between them .  the plot is very weak .  even the premise is pretty weak ;  there are a few jokes about having multiple wives ,  but the situation has little to do with anything else in the movie .  most of the movie could play the same way even if rodney's character had only one wife ,  so the premise seems more like an old man's fantasy than a key part of the comedy .  another old man's fantasy :  we're supposed to accept that rodney's character is an athletic skier .   jerry stiller seems to be phoning in his role just to do a buddy a favor ,  and the rest of the name actors must simply be desperate for work .   the odd nods to political correctness later in the movie don't really do anything for the movie .  for those who like their movies politically correct ,  the non-pc humor is still there in the first place ,  and the seeming apologies for it still don't get the point .  for those who hate seeing a movie cave in to political correctness ,  the pc add-ins are just annoying digressions .   this has to be the mildest r-rated movie i've ever seen .  there are some racy jokes ,  and the bedroom scenes would have made shocking tv 40 years ago ,  but that's about it .  maybe it was the topless men  ( kidding )  .   the dvd features interviews where the cast members seem to find depth and importance in this movie and in their roles .  i kept wondering if they were serious or kidding .  they seem to be serious ,  but i kept thinking ,   " they must be kidding !  "  there's also a peculiar disclaimer suggesting that since the movie never actually names the mormons or the church of latter-day saints ,  that somehow it's not about them .  never mind that the movie features a polygamous religion in utah ,  and makes reference to brigham young .   in short ,  my 5 wives was a disappointment .  i was hoping for rodney on a roll ,  but the best i can say for the movie is that rodney was looking pretty good for a guy who was pushing 80 at the time . 
this was a watchable movie ,  but plot was a little weak and most of the jokes were from some of rodney's earlier movies .  with that said ,  it was worth the time to watch .  i gave this a 5 out of 10 .  so basically ,  its one of those movies that you do not go out of your way to see ,  but if you find it on the tube ,  take a chance . 
a disappointing film .   the story established our protagonist as chrissy ,  a 'young' ,  rather sullen individual drifting ,  not doing much .  actually she does very little to move the narrative along so it didn't surprise me to see the focus shifting on her relatives .  it's a pity though ,  chrissy seem like interesting character .   story was predictable and at times felt quite formulated .  so the question now is ,  when are we going to see the campions ,  jacksons ,  and the tamahori's breaking ground with compelling ,  cinematically-told stories that will inspire ,  rather than entertain for the toll of two hours ?   technically ,  a disgusting shot film . 
i almost burst into tears watching this movie .  not from laughing but from the memories of a great rodney dangerfield movie .  candyshack was his first and stole the movie ,  easy money had him at his best ,  and back to school is by far an 80's classic masterpiece .  then there was ladybugs and that's when it started to show .  poor rodney was getting old  ( meet wally sparks was a slight step up from ladybugs but not saying much )  .    in my 5 wives rodney plays monte  ( a name he must love since that was his name in easy money )  a rich  ( isnt he always )  guy who loves women and gets married like its nothing .  well now he inherits a huge piece of land and since the land was run by the amish ,  he inherits 5 wives .  this sounds like a great idea for a dangerfield movie .  the problem is everything .  the script is so poor that rodney seems to be saying his one liners to the camera and all the side characters have nothing to do .  the movie looks like it was shot on video with some really poor stunt sequences that are obviously not rodney .  andrew dice clay plays a gangster who looks like he is dying to say the f word  ( which he should since the film is rated r but plays as if it was pg )  and jerry stiller has a nice 2 minute cameo .  don't get me wrong ,  at times i did laugh at a few of rodney's jokes but the poor man is getting way too old and way too slow .  we can see his jokes coming from miles .  and the film turns way too pc which thanks to the horrible 1990's ,  the 70's and 80's rodney just doesn't work anymore . 
i have to confess right off that i have never been a fan of rodney dangerfield .  indeed ,  from me he gets  " no respect .  "  i watched this only because my wife wanted to see it ,  and found exactly what i expected :  a stupid story without any real humour .  it's full of lame ,  crude jokes and a totally ridiculous plot revolving around a developer's  ( dangerfield )  plans to build a ski resort in utah that just didn't capture my attention at all .   in addition to dangerfield the film starred a weak cast ,  including the likes of andrew dice clay and the totally over the hill john byner  ( i didn't even know he was still around until i saw his name in the credits for this .  )   this truly is a dangerfield disaster .   2/10
this movie was so bad ,  outdated and stupid that i had rough times to watch it to the end .  i had seen this rodney guy in natural born killers and i thought he was funny as hell in it ,  but this movie was crap .  the  " jokes "  weren't funny ,  actors weren't funny ,  anything about it wasn't even remotely funny .  don't waste your time for this !  only positive things about this were the beautiful wives  :  )  and molly shannon who i'm sure tried her best ,  but the script was just too awful .  that's why i rated it  " 2 "  instead of  " 1 "  ,  but it's definitely one of the worst films i've ever seen . 
rodney dangerfield is a great .  he has done a lot of great works .  but this one .  .  .  . is awful .  the whole plot is whack .  it could have been much better .  the jokes in the movie aren't funny .  .  .  . their stupid .  this was very not so hilarious .  he can do much better than this . 
having watched 10 minutes of this movie i was bewildered ,  having watched 30 minutes my toes were curling - i simply couldn't believe it :  the movie is really awful .  in fact it is so awful ,  that i had to watch all of it just to be convinced (  !  )  .  during this ,  i came to realize that it reminded me of a bunch of danish so-called comedies from the 60's and 70's .  the pattern is as follows :  take one extremely popular comedian ,  make a script putting this comedian in as many grotesque situations as possible ,  add a bunch of jokes  ( especially one-liners )  ,  and spice it up with a couple of beautiful young girls - film that ,  and you have a success !  i wouldn't know if this movie was a success ,  but unlike the danish tradition which died quietly  ( with a few great comedians )  it seems that there is a market for this kind of movie in the us . 
unbelievably awful film .  i watched part of this on t . v .  recently .  my jaw dropped as i watched a horrendously conceived plot and listened to mind-numbing drivel .  not a single line from the master of one-liners could come close to producing anything resembling a chuckle .  it was so bad it made me want to exhume rodney dangerfield's body ,  slap him around and scream ,   " how could you ?  "  i know many films are done in haste ,  hoping to cash in on the popularity of a given actor or theme .  but please ,  hollywood ,  show a little respect for your audience .  it's sad and scary that people were expected to pay to see such tripe .  the bottom of the cesspool ,  even by sunday afternoon television standards . 
if you want to see women's breasts ,  get a porno .  there is no plot ,  but the last 45 minutes of this movie focus on resolving some sort of dangerous plan .  the only value this movie has is that sometimes its so bad its funny ,  and ,  yes ,  boobs are boobs . 
i was unsure whether or not andy sidaris could repeat his success with the cinematic hit  " malibu express .  "  with his film fit to kill he has proved that sidaris is a serious filmmaker and not just a one-shot director .  the plot written by sidaris ,  which was ungratefully passed up by the academy ,  is a complex screenplay involving many unseen twists and turns .  the main characters composed work for a sexually based radio station known as ksxy .  cleverly ,  ksxy is actually their secret headquarters .  in  " fit to kill "  they confront their long-time nemesis kane ,  who is trying to steal one of russia's most prized diamonds .  a well-written screenplay is not all ,  excellent acting by the cast helps to ensure this film as a cult classic .  panned by the critics and the box office ,  this film will be appreciated in years to come .  it is now suffering the same fate as clockwork orange and taxi driver did ,  but in the future will undoubtly become recognized .  i am disappointed no critic circles have recognized andy sidaris's trademark filmmaking .  the costumes ,  the special effects ,  all help to compliment this already beautiful piece of filmmaking .  it may do you best to ignore the dismal 3 rating on this film and go out and rent it for yourself .  my personal rating is 10/10 .  the drama is as thick as the blockbuster runaway bride ,  and the action better or equal to the cinematic masterpiece last action hero .  andy ,  keep up the good work . 
the previous poster obviously worked on the movie .  it's a joke how bad it is and no one would review this kind of movie the way he did . mentioning all of the actors' names and what they were in previously is a sure sign that he's involved with it in some way .   it's on cinemax right now and i was sure this was some movie where porn stars  ( the one called ava is gorgeous and well-endowed )  were forced to make something else for some crazy tax reason .   also ,  when i first saw it ,  i was sure it was made in about 1986 ,  and i was born in '73 ,  so i thought i knew what i was talking about .  .  . but no .  .  . it was made in 1993 !  !  unbelievable !   though i would call it one of those so bad it's good movies .  like watching a train wreck . 
'succubus' ,  the edited version of 'necronomicon geträumte sünden' ,  is a struggle to sit through ,  even at a lean 76 minutes ;  any more of this dreadfully boring and pretentious euro horror tripe and i may have slipped into a coma .   jess franco once again delivers a truly awful piece of 60s trash that appears to have been made by a cast and crew out of of their heads on class a hallucinogenics ,  since not one second of this mess made any sense whatsoever .  apparently ,  this is one of the better of his 180+ films  it's hard to believe that there are worse efforts out there .   the unfathomable plot deals with franco's usual themes of sex ,  violence and lesbianism and throws in a bit of s&m for good measure ,  and yet it still manages to remain mind numbingly tedious .   i may leave it quite a while before entering the world of dodgy euro horror again  life is too short to be spent watching bilge like this . 
since crouching tiger hidden dragon came along ,  there's been a lot of talk about a revival of the hong kong movie industry .  don't believe it .  the people now making movies in hk give new meaning to the word crass .  running out of time 2 is a perfect example .  ekin cheng is the name draw ,  here ,  but he spends most of the film just grinning idiotically and flipping a coin .  he flips the coin over and over and again and again .  why ?  who knows ?  sean lau plays a cop who chases after the coin-flipping pretty boy .  but once again :  who knows why ?  there's a pretty actress in the female lead who runs some sort of company and she has to pay a ransom or something but she mostly just looks like she would rather be at a spa or shopping centre than in front of a camera .  nothing makes any sense .  there is no action .  there is no sex .  there is no comedy .  all there is is a name :  ekin cheng .  and you know what ?  who cares ? 
this movie is about a cop  ( ching wan lau )  trying to catch a super-clever thief  ( ekin cheng )  who blackmails an insurance company headed by a kelly lin .  basically ,  whatever plans the cop tries the thief somehow knows them beforehand .  this movie ,  covered by handsome lead actors ,  beautiful lead actress and good camera shots of hong kong scenes ,  really has no substance at all .  it's all flash ,  and the flash quickly becomes dull too .  i lost all interests a third of the way into the movie ,  and there is no redeeming quality after that ,  except for the cinematography ,  which looks good .  only consider seeing this movie if you can do so for free .  also ,  consider stopping watching the movie 20 minutes into the movie because it's all the same to the end :  boring .  6/10
the acting wasn't great ,  the story was full of simplistic turns and transparent characters .  it's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing flemish block voters on the one side and the moroccon people living in the belgian city antwerp on the other side .  is it a political analysis  ?  is it some kind of belgian west side story or modern romeo and juliet  ?  the film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions  ( supposing those were the director's questions ,  too )  .  still ,  some of the scenes could function as a kind of ken loach film ,  set in antwerp .  after all ,  this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing flemish block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures .  it's very difficult to make a film about this situation ,  and this one isn't successful ,  unfortunately .  still ,  it's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day belgium .  the few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt belgium ,  a 10 million people country ,  in the 2000s  dries van dongen
in the unlikely case that some aspiring directors are reading these comments ,  i'd like to offer some advice  ( free of charge !  )  ,  from a viewer's perspective .  if you want to make a serious exotic adventure film ,  do it .  if you want to make a spoof of exotic adventure films ,  go ahead .  do not try to make both at the same time ,  it doesn't work .  for example ,  having a goofy  " comic relief "  character killed and beheaded and following it up with a monkey shaking a tree and dropping a coconut on a cannibal's head just makes you look like you had no idea what kind of movie you wanted to make .  this one is boring ,  meandering ,  cheap ,  racist .  .  .  . you get the picture .  a couple of smart moments and a few glimpses of nudity from kathy shower  ( way too prissy here )  are hardly worth your trouble .  there is a reason everyone has forgotten about this film's existence .   ( *1/2 ) 
looking through the other comments ,  i'm amazed that there aren't any warnings to potential viewers of what they have to look forward to when renting this garbage .  first off ,  i rented this thing with the understanding that it was a competently rendered indiana jones knock-off .  what i got was one of the most offensive movies i can remember trying to sit through ,  made all the more shocking by the movie's comparatively high production values .   i don't think this is a spoiler ,  but if it is ,  be warned .  .  .   if your idea of entertainment is watching bimbo getting raped from behind by fearsome tribal chief ,  while she is staring into the dead eyes of her significant other's severed head ,  by all means ,  rent this flick .  if not ,  i'd advise you to look elsewhere for entertainment .   come to think of it ,  that scene so succinctly sums up the movie that there's nothing else i really need to say about it . 
although this is generally a cheesy jungle-adventure movie ,  it does have some highlights - the settings are quite beautiful ,  and the pacing of the adventure is good .  you won't be bored watching it .   keith is as breezy as possible playing the eponymous lead ,  an unabashedly drunk jungle guide shanghai'd into escorting rich boy van hoffman and his gorgeous wife shower on a hunting expedition in cannibal country .  he never takes things seriously  .  shower is there as decoration and keith makes extensive use of her - she doesn't really have to act much .  she's not the only female to show off her body and the prurient aspects of the film make it about halfway to a t/a picture .   there's nothing in this film that would draw specific attention to it ,  or away from it .  produced to be shlock ,  it succeeds without too much fuss .  a good 2 am cable programmer . 
my 7-year-old daughter loved it ,  as disney execs crassly calculated that she would .  that's the problem with  " air buddies .  "  it's a strictly by-the-numbers children's film filled with carefully calculated cuteness ,  a couple politically correct morals ,  and enough potty humor to avoid the dreaded g rating .  as a parent ,  or even as a 10-year-old ,  you've seen it all before ,  and done better before .  think  " 101 dalmatians meets home alone "  and you get the general idea .  i'm of the opinion that a good children's story is a good story ,  period .   " air buddies ,  "  which is about as original as recycled paper ,  fails to meet that standard .  it isn't the worst video your child could watch ,  but there are megatons of better ones . 
dear richard ,  i know we all loved you on home improvement with tim allen .  but seriously ,  do you not have anything else to do besides lame sequels to air bud ?  i would have thought tim might have actually give you a bit role by now or even becoming his personal assistant .  i know that seems ironic ,  but the pay benefits are much more rewarding .   everybody would see you around tim and instantly think  " tool time "  .  you would even get roles with bob vila more often .  instead ,  you appear for 10 minutes with a golden retriever and smiling .  i know there wasn't much of a script ,  but you could have added to it .  i mean ,  come on .  tim owes you one .   but seriously ,  this movie does nothing for the air bud line .  quite the contrary ,  the fake talking puppies are cornier than actually seeing the dogs play sports .  the original was better .  and you ,  mr .  richard karn ,  know that more than anybody .   this is an  " f "  movie . 
i know that in this episode there's other stuff apart from what i am going to discuss ,  and in fact i think it has some virtues ;  for example ,  the fact ,  after we had been given a very negative opinion of jin from seeing sun's flashbacks in  " house of the rising sun "  ,  we get to see jin's side of things and get a new ,  more balanced understanding of his life .   but there is an element in this story that made me so deeply uncomfortable that it greatly dampened my enjoyment of the whole episode .  before now ,  in the scene where jin appeared with blood on his hands and shirt ,  it had been hinted that sun's father was someone who was getting rich through shady ,  illegal methods .  i thought maybe he was a mob boss ,  even ;  mobs operate in korea ,  just like in almost every other country in the world ,  so it was a reasonable possibility .  however ,  in this episode we learn that sun's father is in fact the boss  ( or a top executive )  of a korean automotive company ,  and that what jin had been doing was physically attacking a government official  ( who was actually going to be murdered )  on his behalf .   i may be especially touchy about this because i happen to work in the automotive industry ,  but i would say it is spectacularly offensive and racist to even suggest that this kind of thing goes on in korea ;  that huge ,  serious companies like hyundai or kia  ( which must be the model for this fictitious car company ,  as they are the only ones that actually exist in reality )  operate with these mafia-like methods ,  instead of like any normal automotive company of the west .  it is just unbelievable to me that the writers would have the gall to write something like that into the story ,  and that there hasn't been an uproar in korea over it .  it feels like extraneous  " buy american !  "  propaganda ,  portraying foreign car companies as criminal ,  untrustworthy ,  third-world outfits . 
almost golden :  the jessica savitch story  aspect ratio :  1 . 33 : 1  sound format :  stereo  bland ,  soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of america's first female tv news anchor .  with a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this might have passed muster ,  but the flimsy story really wasn't worth the effort .  a good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go .  typically strong production values in the tv movie conveyor-belt manner ,  but it's all as superficial as old fluff ,  and just as engaging . 
i am a huge charlton heston fan .  he is without a doubt one of the greatest actors of all time ,  but what was he thinking when he made this movie .  normally if he made a bad movie i could blame it on the screenwriter or director ,  but in this case it's all him .  the suckiness of this movie is all his fault .  it proves that not even heston can make a shakespeare story interesting .  i wasted 2 and a half hours of my life on this snooze fest and i'll never get that time back .  this is by far the worst heston movie that i've ever seen .  if you are a shakespeare fan maybe you'll find this movie entertaining ,  but if you're not don't waste your time ,  you'll regret it in the long run . 
i've come to realise from watching euro horror ,  especially films made by cult luminary jess franco ,  that you can't expect a plot that makes much sense .  however ,  franco has gone overboard with this film ;  and despite a surreal atmosphere ,  and the film's reputation as one of the director's best - succubus is unfortunately is a truly awful film .  i've got to admit that i saw the american cut version ,  which runs at about 76 minutes ;  but unless it was just the logic that was cut ,  i'm sure the longer european version is just as boring .  the plot has something to do with a woman marauding around ;  practicing s&m and talking rubbish ,  and it's all really boring .  there's no gore and the sex is dull ,  and most of the runtime is taken up by boring dialogue and despite the fact that this is a short film ;  i had difficulty making it all the way to the end .  i have to say that the locations look good and franco has done a good job of using his surreal atmosphere ;  but the positive elements end there .  jess franco is definitely a talented director that has made some classic trash films - but this looks like it was one he made for the money ,  and overall i recommend skipping it and seeing some of the director's more interesting works . 
i'm a big fan of lucio fulci ;  many of his giallo and splatter flicks are amongst my favourites of all time ,  but this made for tv movie is extremely sub par and not what i've come to expect from the great italian director .  the film is neither interesting ,  like some of fulci's more tame giallo's ,  or gory like the majority of his cult classics ;  thus leaving it lacking in both major areas ,  and ultimately ensuring that the film isn't very good .  the film works from a plot that has been used many times previously ,  but still it's an idea that always has the chance of springing an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife ,  which is the ultimate unknown .  this film focuses on giorgio mainardi ;  a man that isn't exactly well liked and after he dies of an apparent stomach hemorrhage ,  there aren't many people that are sad to see him go .  this means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and the afterlife ,  and so he decides to try and get to the bottom of his death ,  and his only ally in this endeavour is his daughter .   the video that i saw this film on is proudly proclaimed that the film is  " in the style of hp lovecraft "  ,  and that's one of the most blatant attempts to sell a film i've ever seen .  there is nothing even slightly reminiscent of the great horror writer in this tale ,  and the reason for that tagline would appear to be because of title similarity to the stuart gordon/lovecraft film ,  'from beyond' - which is a lot better .  the film does benefit from a distinctly italian style ,  and the score is rather good .  unfortunately ,  however ,  fulci has seen fit to positively roast every scene in it - and so the theme quickly becomes annoying .  the plot plays out in a really boring way ,  and most of the scenes simply involve the ghost 'desperately' trying to find things out ,  or the daughter placing her suspicions over her family members .  this movie was made for italian tv ,  and so it's not surprising that it's all rather tame .  there's a little bit of gore and a nightmare sequence with zombies ;  but this isn't the fulci we all know and love .  overall ,  this film is extremely mediocre and not a good representation of fulci's talents .  not worth bothering with ,  unless you're a fulci completist . 
seeing a photo of a man being attacked by zombies gave me hope that lucio  " zombi "  fulci might be up to his old tricks .  unfortunately ,  other than the close ups of a rotting corpse ,  there's little to recommend in this story of the murder of a wealthy man and his daughter's quest to figure out who killed him .  none of the characters are appealing and by the time you find out how they did it  ( that twist ,  at least ,  was cool )  ,  you stop caring .  the only good thing i can say is that it made more sense than nightmare concert ! 
this is definitely not one of lucio fulci's better flicks by any stretch of the imagination .  the plot is pretty bad ,  a millionaire is murdered and his spirt calls upon his daughter to find out who did it .  but the biggest problem i have with this  ( besides knowing who killed him within 10 minutes of watching the movie )  was wondering why anyone should even care ?  the father comes off as being a really big jerk to everyone he came across  ( including the daughter who he asks to help him )  which made it quite hard for anyone to care who killed him .  but no one really watches a fulci flick for a good storyline ,  to do so would be like watching a porn for incredible script writing and acting .  typically his movies try to compensate for this by adding excessive scenes of gore but even that is lacking in this movie .  if you're looking for a good fulci flick ,  check out the beyond . 
he really lost the plot with this one !  none of his distinctive trademarks here at all ,  an uninteresting plot and completely terrible acting make this his worst film  ( in my opinion )  .  even his trademark gore is gone ,  bar one scene in an operating theatre .  oh well ,  at least his next film 'nightmare concert' showed that he could still shock when he wanted to .  .  . 
more of a mystery movie with some gratuitous horror elements thrown in ;  mediocre overall .   it starts with a woman having a nightmare in which her sex partner gets out of bed ,  goes into the room of her crying child ,  and kills it .  she wakes up .  then ,  that man is dying in a hospital ,  spitting up blood .  his estranged daughter arrives ,  and he manages to contact her through her dreams  ( i think )  ,  and he wants her to find out who killed him before his body entirely decomposes in its grave .   there's not too much mystery about who did it ,  or even how ;  most viewers will have figured that out long before it is revealed .  i'm not sure the way he was killed would really have worked .   anyway ,  the horror elements get in through :  a gory autopsy ,  the recurring dream of the man killing the boy ,  a nightmare in which a plate of eggs turn into eyes which are then cut ,  and several shots of the decomposing man both in nightmares and actually in his grave .   i was a little surprised to see a dedication in the end by fulci to clive barker !  interesting . 
action ,  violence ,  sex and coarse language are the things that the characters do during the whole movie .  and everything they do is done without reason .  mark l .  lester is  ( un ) known for his violent  ( without reason ) movies  ( commando ,  the base )  .  the story is weird but stupid .  the actors play their stupid characters very well .  .  . i'm not telling they are stupid but i mean they are very bad actors .  it's another low-budget unknown b series action movie .  if you saw something like operation delta force ,  drive ,  the patriot ,  sanctuary or something like these bad movies from the same kind than misbegotten .  .  . don't rent it .  .  . and ,  by the way ,  don't rent any of the movies i mentioned .  .  .  . i give it 1and a half out of5 . 
routine suspense yarn about a sociopath  ( dillon )  who gives his sperm to a clinic of human reproduction and starts to harrass the lives of the woman  ( antony )  and his husband  ( mancuso )  .  extremely predictable ,  far-fetched and with undecided tone all the way .  don't lose your time with this one .  .  . make a baby instead ! 
i watched 3/4 of this movie and wondered why it got such horrible reviews here .  it was fairly easy to watch  ( at 3am )  .  it had good casting - kevin dillon's role of the sociopath serial killer was very believable - he was both charasmatic and chilling .  the rest of the main characters weren't so bad either .   this is your typical stalker/suspense movie .  a married couple cannot conceive so they go to a fertility clinic for help .  a sociopathic  " genetic material "  donor fixates on the recipients and ,  in typical stalker form ,  intrudes into their lives .   as i said ,  most of the movie was fairly good .  .  we see  " conan "  grow more and more obsessed in raising his baby and creating the perfect family with the mother .  of course things don't work out for him the way he planned .  not a bad plot line .   but ,  the last 15 minutes were just horrible .  i am pretty tolerant with movies  ( especially at 3am !  )  .  .  but ,  i was just amazed at how bad the ending was written .  i actually scoffed outloud !   all in all ,  not the worst movie i've seen ,  but i wouldn't be able to sit through it again  ( unless i skipped the ending )  .  the only redeaming quality here was kevin dillon's role - - one of the best serial killers ever .   try looking around at the other channels before watching this .  .  but ,  if nothing better is on ,  i'd give it a try .  .  = ) 
grand central murder  ( 1942 )  dir :  s .  sylvan simon   production :  mgm   this mediocre 'b' mystery was one of only five films released in 1942 with simon as director .  surely he could have fit another red skelton film or two on his schedule !  anyway ,  grand central murder is a shameless rip-off of the thin man films minus the wit ,  charm ,  and chemistry of the leads .  we are treated to a paper thin plot that can barely support its 73 minutes ,  bad acting and weary gags .   van heflin and virginia grey play nick and nora char--er ,  rocky and butch custer .  he's a pi and she's his wife and sleuthing partner .  they engage in  " humorous "  banter with each other .  see ?  it's completely different already .  heflin's the only one here who hints at bigger and better things ,  although he's real close to being a jerk in this .  virginia grey was in another thin man ,  but again ,  let me stress ,  this film is nothing like that one ,  no sir .  and just in case we start to think that this film is absolutely nothing like another film  ( say ,  the thin man )  we actually like ,  sam levene pops up as the lead detective who's kind of dim and has to have van heflin subtly direct him toward all the important leads .  hmmm .   quickly ,  the 'murder' is that of bitchy schemer mida king ,  who likes to trade up on rich men until she finds an even richer one .  she's played by patricia dane ,  who's like a c- version of hedy lamarr ,  until she opens her mouth and turns into an f .  there's a whole array of wacky suspects ,  all with their own motivation for wanting mida dead .  there's the society type ,  the tough talking dames ,  the thug ,  the ex-lover ,  and a shady theater impresario  ( tom conway ,  here saddled with the unlikely character name of 'frankie ciro' )  .  roman bohnen plays a nervous ,  jittery type ,  something i believe he may have done before .  millard mitchell plays an idiot cop who ,  in a running gag that won't quit ,  can't stop thinking about the piece of ass he's got waiting for him once this case gets wrapped up  ( that's right ,  millard mitchell ,  swordsman )  .  finally ,  in a completely ground breaking method of storytelling ,  something we've never seen before ,  all the suspects are gathered up in one place where they tell their stories  ( as flashbacks )  to the detective ,  as rocky takes mental notes ,  until eventually the guilty person is compelled to dramatically blurt out a confession .   on top of the actual picture being a dud ,  i naively thought going in that there might be a couple of location shots of the actual 1942-era grand central ,  but alas ,  no .  there's merely one very brief shot at the beginning .  thanks for nothing ,  grand central murder .  so ,  to sum up ,  a wee bit formulaic ,  but heflin was okay .   *½ out of 4
i have to say this is an awful movie ,  for the mere fact that when you see this movie on the guide ,  it is listed as a documentary .  as i watched it ,  i started laughing ,  thinking to myself ,  does this guy actually expect me to believe this is real ?  so i had to look it up ,  and now see that it is a movie ,  but now since it isn't a documentary ,  it is now a movie with bad acting .  so ,  either way ,  it is pretty bad .  i actually didn't make it to the end .  i had to shut it off .  i am a nyc police officer ,  and felt that someone was trying to mislead people into thinking this is a documentary ,  with the intentions of making money off of a terrible day for me and my coworkers .  so ,  i took it a little personal .  maybe i was blinded by that ,  and it isn't as bad as i personally think it is .  everyone has their own opinion . 
even though there's a repertoire of over 180 films to choose from ,  this 'succubus' is often named as the best jess franco film .  heck ,  even the legendary filmmaker fritz lang counts 'succubus' among his personal favorites .  so ,  maybe it's me but i thought this was a dreadfully boring and overly confusing movie .  the opening is great ,  though ,  and shows janine reynaud performing an sm act on stage .  it's all downhill from here ,  unfortunately .  reynaud's character is a maneater who eventually kills her lovers in some sort of trance .  franco had a decent budget to work with and spends it well on nice locations ,  beautiful photography and a mesmerizing musical score .  this could have been his greatest film indeed ,  if it wasn't for the lame and uninteresting story .  it's supposed to be psychedelic but i'd say sophomoric is a better term to describe what's shown here .  half of the time ,  you don't have a clue what's going on or what exactly is said so even the short running time of 80 minutes seems to last ages .  this most certainly isn't franco's best film according to me .  i wouldn't even recommend it to die-hard exploitation fans .  if you're looking for more superior jess franco film ,  try to get your hands on 'las vampiras' ,  'the awful dr .  orloff' or 'female vampire' . 
a blair witch-war movie that is as much of a letdown as bwitch was !  the title says it all ,  save your money and your time and spend it on a good movie such as  " once upon a time in america "  ,   " the shawshank redemption "  or  " enemy at the gates "   ( if you want to watch a great  " war "  movie )  etc .   this movie ,  if it were a baseball team and the major leagues were the pinnacle and single a was the rookies ,  then this movie was high school ball .  it was filmed as if it were a high school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera .  sure they went into a hostile area  ( to make a film )  but i don't call that brave ,  around here we call that plain stupid !  this is a pass all the way !  now go watch it and then you tell me what you think . 
this is a complete hoax .  .  .   the movie clearly has been shot in north western indian state of rajasthan .  look at the chase scene - the vehicles are indian ;  the writing all over is hindi - language used in india .  the drive through is on typical jaipur streets .  also the palace is in amer - about 10 miles from jaipur ,  rajasthan .  the film-makers in their  ( about the film )  in dvd bonus seem to make it sound that they risked their lives shooting in kabul and around .  almost all of their action scenes are shot in india .  the scene where they see a group singing around fire is so fake that they did not even think about changing it to afgani folk song .  they just recorded the rajasthani folk song .  how do i know it because i have traveled that area extensively .  they are just on the band-wagon to make big on the issue .  i do challenge the film makers to deny it . 
i just got back from this free screening ,  and this  " osama witch project "  is the hands-down worst film i've seen this year ,  worse than even  " catwoman "  - which had the decency to at least pass itself off as fiction .   in  " september tapes ,  "  a  " film crew "  of  " documentary journalists "  heads to afghanistan - despite being thoroughly unprepared for the trip ,  the conditions and ,  oh yeah ,  the psychotic and ridiculous vendetta of their filmmaker leader to avenge his wife's death on sept .  11 - to track down osama bin laden .   they  " made "  eight tapes on their journey ,  which now  " document "  their travels and ,  of course ,  their attempts to kill the terrorist leader .   ( the eight tapes ,  thankfully ,  all end at points significant in the narrative ,  which is convenient for a  " documentary .  "  )   the psychotic ,  idiotic protagonist - who is given to long ,  significant speeches that he probably learned watching  " macgyver "  - cares nothing for his own life or the life of his innocent crew as he gets them further and further into danger through a series of completely dumb mishaps .  i don't know why he didn't just wear a sign on his back that said  " shoot me .  "   the crew's translator ,  supposedly their sensible voice-of-reason ,  does little more than whine and gets baffled as the idiot hero leads them into doom .    you wish they'd brought along someone on their trip to call them all morons .   around  " tape 4 ,  "  i began rooting for the terrorists to shoot the film crew . 
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .  i was going to get up and leave at tape 4 but i stuck it out .  i now consider myself a masochist !  afghanistan ?  come on guys !  who's the idiot who forgot to hide the sanskrit billboards ?  i thought the lead actor ( george calil )  was particularly inept .  apart from the bad acting and over zealous camera shake ,  i thought using the events of 9/11 as a reason to make  " larson the lunatic implodes ,  all over a screen near you "  disgraceful and irreverent to the victims of 9/11 .  using a phone call from larson's wife ,  sarah ,  supposedly from one of the terrorist held planes on that day ,  was appalling .  the camera shake didn't make me feel sick ,  that cold hearted stunt did . 
amateurish in the extreme .  camera work especially overwrought - documentary camera operators needn't spin around all the time .   the script is truly inane ,  and the acting is even worse .  on top of that ,  the story is disjointed and meandering - with some gaping holes in logic .  at one point the lead wishes to get thrown in jail in order to rub shoulders with suspected al-quada operatives ,  and thus get an interview with osama .  i found the story entirely unbelievable as a result of so many flaws .  the  " filmmaker " /lead role really portrays a rash ,  idiot frat boy .  the only item of interest really ,  is that the filmmakers did in fact film on location .  it's truly a shame they wasted their opportunity to make something interesting .   who financed this crap ? 
well ,  basically ,  the movie blows !  it's blair witch meets sean penn's ill conceived fantasy about going to iraq to show the world what the  " war on terror "  is really about .  the script sounds like it was written by 8th grader  ( no offense to 8th graders )  ;  the two main actors over-act the entire film ;  they used the wrong kind of camera and the wrong type of film ( not that i know anything about those things--but it just didn't look like real documentaries i've watched )  ,  and worst of all christian johnson took a great idea and made it suck .  it reminded me of the time i tried to draw a picture of my dog and ended up with a really bad stick figure looking thing that looked more like a giant turd .  i'd rather watch the blair witch viii ,  than sit through that again . 
this movie fails miserably on every level .  i have an idea ,  let's take everyone involved in this movie and ship them into a hot zone in the middle east .  maybe if we're lucky they'll all be shot and killed and we won't have to ever have our time wasted by them again .  did i mention that i have never been so bitter about a cinematic pile of crap in my entire life ?  my god ,  i can't think of anything i've ever seen that was this bad .  i'd rather watch ishtar 25 times in a row than sit through 10 minutes of this sorry excuse for a film .  if i ever happen to meet anyone who was involved in this film ,  i'll spit in their face and then beat them senseless .  that's my two cents . 
as a southern baptist ,  it pains me that i must give a below average rating to an overtly christian movie .  there certainly aren't so many that i want to discourage film-makers from a genre that's woefully under-exploited .  still ,  i must honestly say that  " love's abiding joy "  is a typically low budget ,  low key ,  self-consciously christian film .  the plot is predictable ,  the acting mediocre  ( i'm being kind )  ,  and the editing atrocious .  as a tv movie it might have been slightly above average ,  but as a feature film it leaves much to be desired .  keep trying guys .  you've got to have a movie about about real christians inside you somewhere .  might i suggest you turn to g .  k .  chesterton or c .  s .  lewis for some inspiration ? 
if it wasn't for some immature gullible idiot i know insisting that i watch this  " documentary "  i would never have seen this comedy !  this film is full of bad scripting and laughable moments .  one in particular is where the afghan police / soldiers arrest don larson for filming in the streets while they allow the cameraman to carry on filming his arrest and then drive away ,  still filming ,  presumably to his plush hotel .  then there's the scene where a car crashes into another car which has been turned upside down and parked nicely on the side of the road without any evidence of it being in a crash or explosion .   i am surprised this has currently got the rating it has  ( 5 . 8 / 10 )  .  i thought imdb users had more sense . 
i watched the first 15 minutes ,  thinking it was a real documentary  ( with an irritatingly overly dramatic  " on camera "  producer )  .   when i realized it was all staged i thought  " why would i want to waste my time watching this junk ?  ?  "  so i turned it off and came online to warn other people .  the characters don't act in a believable way .  too much immature emotion .  for a guy to travel half way around the world into a war torn country ,  he acted like a kid .  and i don't believe it was because  " his character was so upset about the trade center bombings "  .   very trite and stupid .   have you seen  " city of lost children "  ?  french dark fantasy film about a guy who kidnaps kids and steals their dreams .  .  .  i liked it ! 
i had the misfortune to sit through the full 102 minutes of what ,  in my opinion ,  is this shockingly bad film .  it fails on pretty much all levels ;  the cast is awful ,  the acting - ham at best and the plot lacks any depth ,  leaving me feeling violently apathetic as to the outcome of any of the convoluted story lines .   plan b has none of the charm this genre has the scope to convey and i found myself physically cringing at the various points where the script makes its regular misjudged meanderings anywhere towards the region of comedy .   a bona fide saccharine coated turd of a movie . 
i thought before starting with these movie that it might be a good one ,  but when i started with it i found it really awful .  they said movie is being made in afghanistan but i think 95% of the movie is shot in india .  you can see indian made cars .  you can see lars drinking bisleri ( an indian water brand )  ,  hindi written on the road ,  you can also see temples in afghanistan *hahah* its really funny and many more stuff which proves its not shot in afghanistan .  i think one should not waste his/her time watching this movie .  .  pure time waste .  .  i would recommend to do something else instead of watching this movie or may be might heart is better idea but don't watch this waste of time
i went into this hoping it would be the  " thought provoking "  little gem people have reviewed this as .  i love indy films and expected to dig this too .  knowing what a hot button this topics is i expected to be really entertained ,  maybe even see an outsiders perspective .   all i can say is wow .  .  .  . if your into self torture ,  or mutilation then maybe you'll like this .  personally i don't like the idea of being pee'd on or cutting myself so i thought it was garbage .  bad script ,  bad acting ,  bad story ,  bad directing ,  bad editing .  .  .  . i could go on .  i have no clue why a reviewer claimed he or she was making a political point by giving this movie a 10 .  that's misleading and ignorant .  voting for a movie on imdb isn't setting a precedent !  it just lets other people think that a garbage bomb like this is ok to watch as long as it's controversial  ( this film is not ,  it tries very hard to be but fails )  .    you know the movie is bad when 15 minutes into it your praying that all main characters die horrifically .  unfortunately they do die ,  but not in the painful manners that would have given the viewer some justice or vindication for having watched the 2 hours of crap they just endured .    do yourself a favor ,  just don't even bother .  i got this movie in a bargain bin at my local video store for  . 50 and feel ripped off ! 
the movie was completely misleading and the bonus material confirmed my impression that it was a rip-off of joeseph conrad's heart of darkness  , the river is replaced by a road and the boat becomes a jeep and walter kurtz is osama .   the claims made on the outside of the dvd box was overt fraud to  take this fabricated death of a journalist and present it as factual  while some portions have muslims supporting the 9/11 attacks for the usa's treatment of muslims around the world  .   i alerted the video store that the movie should be removed from their  " documentary "  section and be placed in the war-drama area for quasi fictional accounts of actual events . 
what a terrible film .  it sucked .  it was terrible .  i don't know what to say about this film but dinocrap ,  which i stole from some reviewer with a nail up his ass .  ahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahah !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  sigh .  .  it's not roger corman that i hate ,  it's this god-awful movie .  well ,  really ?  but what can you expect from a movie with homoeric computer graphics .  which is another thing ,  the cgi sucked out loud ;  i hate this movie dreadfully .  this is without a doubt the worst roger corman b-movie ,  and probably the gayest b-movie too .  it's-it's--- dinocrap !  i'm sorry ,  i must have offended some nerds in these moments .  it's just an awful movie .  .  .  0/1 , 000
this is the first non-zombie subgenre review ive done but this movie is worth doing a review for .  dinocroc is a good movie in general but unfortunately it is still an obvious b-movie .  the dinocroc itself looked great but i thought the movie itself needed a little bit more weight as in action and violence because whenever the croc is shown or is in a fight scene not very much goes on except the croc is shown and the croc either kills or runs off in a repeated process .  jane longenecker was hot which is a plus and the acting was better than average and the most surprising thing is that the croc looked fleshy instead of like a cartoon coughs* curse of the komodo*coughs .  i enjoyed this movie enough to be glad that there is going to be a sequel which is more than what i can say about some movies in general .  overall 3/6 stars and worth a watch . 
now i myself am a lover of the b movie genre but this piece of trash insults me to no end .  first of all the movie is starring lizzy mcguire's brother as the annoying little kid that goes looking for his lost 3 legged dog .  now please what kind of dumb ass mistakes a three-legged dog for a god damn mutated crocodile please i ask you ?  and heres another point for pondering ,  why do they show the dinocroc on the back of the movie box being enormous and actually in the water ?  i believe if memory serves the thing spent about 2 . 6 minutes in the water and was just shy of 6 feet tall ,  that was a heart breaker .  but redeeming qualities to this movie were that it was so bad that i almost died laughing because believe me the bad acting made me wish for death .  but the fact remains that once again this thing is created by another military testing site to train super crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of all things evil e . v . i . l corporation .  and let's not forget the characters let's see we have jerk off #1 as the male lead and half way decent chick  ( who doesn't know how to act )  as the female lead to that i say wow !  the only thing worse then the acting was the end of course the heroes spend about what seems like 2 hours talking and planning some long elaborate way of killing the dinocroc only to have it fail and kill it in an ordinary way that could have taken about 15 seconds to come up with .  all in all this movie was beyond gay with its random opera music in the background and the fact that it was probably the gayest of all cgi monsters ever made along with the fact it of course was impervious to bullets and bombs  ( otherwise it wouldn't have been made for the military duh !  )  .  by far the best scene was when lizzy mcguire's brother runs into the shack and the dinocroc eats him causing his head to pop clean off with a popping noise i might add .  i believe that you would be better off shooting yourself between the eyes then to watch dinocroc .  and as for the director i believe that we should get a bunch of people to hang him by a noose and all take turns kicking him in the crotch for wasting an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then i can go on living . 
a large part of the scenes should be cut off .  there is a lot of scenes that should have been cut off .  for example the scene where the hunters mentions  " i got spiders on my dick "  ,   " i like dick "  ,  playing in the mud scene ,  or a bar scene where a professional dinocroc hunters main job is a snake charmer .   how about other terribly incoherent scenes featuring a woman ,  diane who wants to loose her virginity to a boyfriend who walks like he wears women's panties three sizes too small .  while they make love ,  didn't they realized they are making it out next to the little boy who will soon run away and loose his head ?  why did they do in a living room ?  i mean his head really flipped .  how about the beach scene very reminiscent of steven spielberg's jaws scene at grant lake .  all these strange scene could easily be re-dubbed and billed as a comedy .   here in my local town ,  the cineplex theaters had been advertising for months about dinocroc ,  and i am glad i didn't watch it because i later found out it was shown only for 1 or 2 days before it was canceled .  the movie was that bad .  i suspected that dinocroc was not a good movie looking at the preview .  it features the leg of dinocroc that looks like a child wearing green pajamas and slippers with claws and walks up and down like a 2 year old .  it could easily passed over as baby geniuses .   if any students of movie making wants to learn what not to do this is a real classic trash .  such as diane's boyfriend who walks like he had an advanced case of syphilis makes you wonder what the poor woman sees in this guy who looks drunk even before he get to drink beer .  when this happens ,  who cares about dinocroc ?  the panties man looked more more interesting than the entire movie of dinocroc .  his acting was so bad ,  he makes a much better replacement for mr .  bean .  move over rowan atkinson ,  here is a man with a better comedic talent in a horror sci-fi flick .  perhaps the worse casting in the history of hollywood . 
there are some things i can never understand .  such as this movie .  what if i were to create a really really cheap and crappy looking dino and crocodile polygon model in maya and then proceed to cut and paste that into an amateur video clip having people scream and getting eaten by the same thing ?  how can anyone even believe that an utterly fake cgi dinocroc that looks completely out of place ,  would influence the events in this movie ?  i know that its b-grade ,  low budget and all but the producers could do better than making a piece of crap that no one will ever seen see or sit through .  it just does'nt make sense .  are people really so stupid that they would sit through this ?  apparently so .  for laughs ?  no ,  this thing isn't even worth laughing at . 
this is possibly one of the worst giant killer animal movies i have ever seen .  it follows the typical premise of a laboratory experiment gone wrong and a giant crocodile with a rapid growth chemical in it escapes .  the monster looks way to much like a dinosaur ,  having big tyranosaurous-like hind legs ,  when it should just look like an over-sized crocodile .  everything about this movie is unoriginal and it constantly oozes  " cliche "  ,  minute after minute .  why are there always two drunken redneck hunters out after dark who separate ?  plus ,  there's always a guy and girl who share a lame ,  obvious love interest while they are in life threatening situations .  to much has already been said by me and i feel as if i'm wasting my time writing this .  .  . 
the film looks like as if the director was forced to make this movie by some gang of terrorists  .  it should actually be called dino crap .   there is nothing good about this movie .  .  even the actors are not worth a penny .  don't waste your time watching this movie .  the director should be shot in the head for having the mentality to create such a bad movie  .  i mean isn't he ashamed of looking at peoples faces after they have seen his movie  ?  the dinocroc looks as if it was made in power point and pretty much cut-and-paste stuff .  and its the same old story  .  man plays god  .  creates some creature  .  it escapes and is happy eating people  .  and finally a pretty girl and a guy in a sleeveless shirt has to come and kill it  .  bla bla .  .  u will figure out the plot in the first 5 minutes of the movie
what an awful movie .  i love monster flicks but i couldn't watch even half of the terrible acting ,  cardboard characters and abysmal special effects .  there is nothing redeeming about this movie .  the characters come from either an endless supply of suicidally stupid cannon fodder or else they are vacuous ,  uninspiring sock puppets .  the plot is formulaic ,  cut and paste ,  standard science-run-amok drivel .  even the cgi is horrible .  you know it's bad when you can't even depend on the movie to provide some good eye candy .  no surprises here , just same old same old .  this is truly one of the worst films ever made .  director roger corman should be hung from a lightpost so that children can use him as a pinata . 
 " plan b "  is strictly by-the-numbers fare except for one thing .  i surprisingly found it to be rather insulting .   jon cryer is the  " star "  of this film and plays his usual ,  smarmy ,  egotistical ,  snotty character that was actually endearing in  " pretty in pink "  and has not been amusing ever since .  grating doesn't even begin to describe his performance .  ricky  ( mark matheisen )  is a muscular ,  blonde ,  struggling actor who  ( gasp !  )  is only worried about his hair and getting laid .  talk about a stock character .  .  . ugh .  at least the other three characters are somewhat engaging .  lisa darr and lance guest play a grounded ,  optimistic ,  caring couple who are struggling to conceive .  since they are not whiny drama queens ,  however ,  their roles are apparently considered boring and they aren't given enough screen time .  sara mornell rounds out the cast by playing gina ,  your usual nice and good-looking young woman who just can't seem to find the right partner in love .  i've seen this character a million times before but at least her performance overcomes some of the shortfalls caused by the predictability of her situation .   what startled me about this film was its juvenile promotion of stereotypes .  they introduced a russian character for the sole purpose of mocking him and making fun of the way he talked .  he was portrayed as being wild ,  ignorant and amazingly shallow .  they were just getting warmed up though for the usual nonsense about gays .  gina decides to be gay for a while since she isn't having any luck with guys .  honestly .  that wasn't that bad except they really went overboard when gina brought a lesbian to a christmas party her friends were throwing .  her lesbian date had very short hair  ( like i'm sure all lesbians do )  .  she also got quite upset  ( like i'm sure all lesbians do )  when gina had the nerve to put on lipstick (  !  )  .  finally ,  her date goes around the party hitting on just about every woman there and mouths off when gina expresses her disappointment .  of course ,  we all know how gay people can't stay faithful for so much as a couple of hours much less months or even years ,  right ?   ( please note the sarcasm in that statement .  thank you .  )   this film was based on a tired and predictable premise to begin with but cryer's unlikable performance combined with the idiotic stereotyping sinks this movie to the lower depths of cinema .  2/10
just when you thought it was safe to go back into the water .  .  .   another computer generated mutant croc on the prowl for human lunchmeat ,  let loose by another one of those facilities conducting mad science .  gereco biotech company is fooling around with growth hormone research ,  accidentally releasing a baby crocodile which is evolving at an accelerating rate .   b-movie cast add a deal of fun to this run of the mill  " genetic mistake monster movie "  .  costas mandylor evokes mick dundee ,  aussie accent ,  hat ,  big ass knife ,  the works ,  as a croc specialist hired by gereco executive joanna pacula (  .  . wasted in the stereotypical role of corrupt administrative executive who denies any involvement with the gigantic beast her facility let free on innocent people )  .  charles napier is the local sheriff whose town is in danger and jane longenecker is his hot daughter ,  who works at the animal shelter .  soap opera star matthew borlenghi is longenecker's love interest ,  a local artist who welds sculptures (  .  . his brother is a victim of the croc )  .  of course ,  this skill will come in mighty handy when our heroes set up a created trap for the croc ,  hoping to poison it with carbon monoxide .   the croc itself is never the least bit convincing as it rampages through a reserve looking for food ,  the special effects of a low grade variety .  in regards to roger corman productions dealing with renegade dino-monsters ,  i stick with carnosaur .  the monster here is essentially a crocodile standing on it's hind legs ,  often upright as it pursues potential victims .  i felt mandylor and the filmmakers were spoofing crocodile dundee with his croc hunter ,  and this imitation might amuse where the monster itself fails .  borlenghi and longenecker actually have pretty good chemistry together on screen .  as expected ,  pacula gets her commuppance in hilarious fashion (  .  . gulp )  . 
this is just a joke of a movie , they lost me already at the opening scene  ( spoilerwarning )  dangerous creature kills other creature in his cage , this is watched by a scientist that works there on a monitor and guess what she does , well lets go in to the cage to check the stuff out , omg how dumb do those writers think human beings are come on thats the same like jumping in a fish tank with a great white shark because it ate your goldfish .  .  . pretty useless and even more dumber . and i will not even talk about the cast because they aren't worth the effort .  why they didn't fired the guy that wrote that immediately is a mystery to me .  .  .  .  . and this kinda dumbness continues the entire movie .  only good thing where the cgi that is better then average for these kinda low-budget movies .   if these kinda things don't bother you go see it , but be warned if your iq is above 60 you will probably hate it . 
this is a low budget roger corman horror/creature flick .  a dinocroc is created when manipulation of prehistoric genes runs amok .  an engineered croc first kills one of its own then gets the taste of human and becomes a fast growing terror after escaping .  none of the characters have any depth ,  but then they are not the focal point .  we only get a few glimpses of the huge two-legged dinosaur descendant and some of the best  " kill "  scenes in a small budget film .   my favorite scene is of a moronic character trying to use a three legged dog for bait and becomes croc food himself .  nothing left on the pier but ankle top feet .  with no real stand out roles :  jane longendecker ,  bruce weitz and charles napier .  most pathetic is matt borlenghi and an obnoxious professional croc hunter costas mandylor .  i was most impressed with the alluring joanna pacula as the respectfully feared dr .  p .  dinocroc is redeeming as a crock of pickles . 
this tv-made thriller is all talk ,  little action .  it works hard to set up its convoluted plot ,  yet the writing is so muddled the exposition is still cloudy at best .  by the end ,  i knew no more about these characters than i did at the beginning .  it has a quasi- " ten little indians "  scenario ,  but ditches it mid-way through in favor of spotlighting sally field and her uncovering of a killer .  field overacts here with a gracelessness i've seldom seen from her .  the early introductions are good ,  but the writing quickly strays off-course and eventually goes over the top .  lots of hysteria ,  and constant thunder and lightning effects  ( which adds nothing )  .  a curious failure from producers aaron spelling & leonard goldberg .  with all this talent ,  couldn't they give us something more than a script full of red herrings and sally field hiding in a closet ? 
this sports a nice ,  deep cast but for a thriller you better deliver more than name actors and talk .  the first third of this movie was nothing but talk ,  and more talk .  most of that was a bunch of women bitching about everything to each other .    the first five listed actors in here are women so that verifies that it's really a  " chick flick "  and little else .  this probably plays on the lifetime network .   there was a quick murder scene and then more talk .  by halfway through ,  they had lost me .    by the way ,  sally field looked about 15 years old in here . 
i have never read the bradbury novel that this movie is based on but from what i've gathered ,  it will be interesting  ( when i finally do read it and i will )  .  my comments will be based purely on the film .  as soon as i saw the trailer i knew i had to see it and was so excited but when i finally did ,  i was so disappointed it hurt .  this is because the movie itself felt so amateurish .  the actors were not well cast  ( though robards and pryce are both good actors - just not here )  .  the kid actors ,  it seemed ,  were merely asked to show up ,  get in the characters' clothes ,  say the lines and make the faces .  the set and props were cheap and unrealistic .  the direction was surprisingly bad .  i was so surprised at the awfulness of it that i had to go online and check who directed it ,  just to see the kind of work he had done .  the editing was cut and paste and the plot  ( screenplay )  was just that as well  ( even though the author had been involved himself ,  irony ?  )  .  the building up of the tension ,  fear and suspense was so mild it was ineffective when the climax finally came .   i've read some of the comments on this movie and find it hard to believe people actually like it .  what hurts the most is that the content is interesting and fun and intriguing .  it had so much potential .  unfortunately ,  the film was so technically bad it takes away from the brilliance of the story . 
first and foremost ,  i loved the novel by ray bradbury .  it's the kind of horror that gets under your skin and sticks with you later .  it was one of his best books ,  with ,  you know ,  fahrenheit 451 and dandelion wine .  i as just hoping that this movie would be all right .  it had lots of chances ,  with a great cast ,  like jason robards and jonathn pryce .  and bradbury even wrote the script himself .  and on top of all that ,  it has pam grier !   how could it fail ?   there may be spoilers within .   first of all ,  it was dumbed down .  much of the horror from the book was lost as bradbury must have been forced to keep the violence to a minimum .  all the visuals from the book .  .  . gone .  everything that made you squirm .  .  . gone .   and then there's the acting .  like a lot of movies that disney threw out in the 80s ,  the kids in this movie cannot act .  and ,  this bugged me a lot ,  neither of them looked 13 but 9 or 10 .  their strong friendship wasn't addressed .  it was more like they were acquaintaces .    you'd think jason robards and jonathan pryce could pull this off in their roles of mr .  halloway and mr .  dark .  but here it's like they just don't care .  all they want to do is somehow pay off some mortgage or something .  this is far from being some of their best performances .    pam grier was fine as the witch ,  but the charecter of the dust witch herself wasn't well pulled off .  she's a lot less evil and doesn't have the presence as she did in the book .    and everything that was left out of the book .  the ballon night chase ,  the marking of jim's house ,  the real death of mr .  dark ,  what happened to mr .  coogan on the merry-go-round ,  the fate of the lightening rod salesman ,  the real death of the witch ,  and oh so much more .    and the special effects were bad ,  even for the 80s .  the merry-go-round of doom for one thing with the superimposed horses going around wasn't really creepy ,  and that weird green mist that really had nothing to do with anything .    i could keep going about how this movie ripped apart the original novel ,  but it makes blood boil .  don't see this movie but read the book .  it's a classic of bradbury . 
imagine that in adapting a james bond novel into a movie ,  the filmmakers eliminated all the action and suspense in order to make it kid-friendly .  or if a television producer told chris rock he couldn't cuss so that his specials could be rated pg .  in the same way ,  the director of the movie  " something wicked this way comes "  took out the excitement and gore in favor of melodrama for younger audiences .  this created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book .  in trying to make the story of  " something wicked this way comes "  easier for children to follow ,  the filmmakers eliminated the theme of good and evil both existing in everyone ,  and good always prevailing over evil .  this is apparent in will's character transformation ,  charles halloway's rescue of jim ,  and the carnival's defeat .   will's transformation into a more adventurous boy has been muted in the movie .  the scene in which the dust witch visits will's house in a balloon has been cut from the film .  instead ,  a green mist follows jim and will home and gives them the same bad dream about the witch and her spiders .  the balloon attack shows us that will has begun to conquer his fear of doing things on his own .  he gets on top of a neighbor's roof and tears the balloon with a bow ,  defeating the witch .   " sorry ,  dad ,  he thought ,  and sat up ,  smiling .  this time it's me out ,  alone ,  "  will decides as he prepares to face her  ( 147 .  )  removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that will is becoming more adventuresome .  the film shows us many examples of will being afraid to follow jim ,  but never growing curious like his friend .  in the book ,  will has both a good ,  quiet side and an  " evil ,  "  daring side like his jim .  in the movie ,  each boy only has one mode of thought ,  which destroys bradbury's theme of both good and evil being present in each person .   in the book ,  will saves jim because of their friendship ,  but ,  in the movie ,  charles halloway saves jim to repay jim's father .  will pulls jim off the carousel in bradbury's novel because he doesn't want his best friend to grow up without him .  it is the good in will ,  the fact that he cares about his friend ,  that saves jim from the evil curse of the carnival .  on the carousel ,  jim  " gestured his other hand free to trail on the wind ,  the one part of him ,  the small ,  white ,  separate part that still remembered their friendship "   ( 269 .  )  this shows that there was good left inside of jim ,  which has the potential to still defeat evil .  but when charles halloway saves jim in the movie ,  he does it to repay the debt he owes jim's father ,  who saved will when he was a little boy .  by changing the motivation for saving jim ,  the filmmakers have ruined bradbury's original idea that it takes good to win against evil .   in the end of the movie ,  the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter .  when the book ends ,  mr .  dark turns himself into a little boy and charles halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he can't stand it and evaporates .  in bradbury's world ,  evil people feed off fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love .  his message is that good will always prevail over evil ,  but only if that goodness is expressed outwardly .   " good to evil seems evil ,  "  says charles halloway as he holds the dying mr .  dark .   " so i will do only good to you ,  jed .  i'll simply hold you and watch you poison yourself "   ( 275 .  )  in the movie ,  mr .  dark is the only one left on the carousel when lightning hits it ,  and he dies .  by eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles ,  the filmmakers imply that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil ,  as if lightning only strikes those who are bad .  this takes away the major theme of bradbury's book ,  which is that doing  " good "  toward others wards off evil .   good may always triumph over evil ,  but trying to make movies more kid-friendly will always force filmmakers to leave out some of the themes from the books they are based on .  in the movie ,   " something wicked this way comes ,  "  will does not transform ,  will's friendship does not save jim ,  and smiles and laughter do not defeat the carnival .  as a result ,  the filmmakers have left out too many of bradbury's main points .  the process of adapting a book to a movie too often ruins the world the author has established .  in the case of this story ,  bradbury's frightening world of opposing forces of good and evil has been reduced to a tamer ,  simpler version of itself . 
i watched this movie on march 21 this year . must say disappointment . but much better than  " tridev "  . plot is hackneyed . tells about prabhat who lives with his father , wife and his little brother . the movie opens when he saves a bride . anyway . azghar jhurhad makes a plot to kill his young brother . he makes a plan by sending few man . they come to a school pretended to be prabhats friends . kill that kid . his father throws him out of the house . then later comes back . he and aakash go to kenya to find him . sunny gives a good performance , chunky was annoying at best , naseerdun is wasted . divya did good , sonam was wasted , jyotsna was wasted but looked cute . the kid which played sunnys brother in the movie was cute . too sad he had to get his character killed . the girl was cute but was annoying . the other kid did good . alok did good . kiran was adequate . amrish and gulshan did good . the cinematography is excellent in both india and kenya . script is weak but has a few good dialogs . also drags  . the movie . the music was alright . i only liked one song " saat samundar "  the lyrics of that song was good . the other songs were forgettable . don't watch this .  rating-3/10
i had quite high hopes for this film ,  even though it got a bad review in the paper .  i was extremely tolerant ,  and sat through the entire film .  i felt quite sick by the end .   although i am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--i thouroughly enjoyed both woody allen's 'everything you ever wanted to know about sex ,  .  .  . ' and michael hanneke's 'funny games'--i found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally sickening .  and when the film climaxed in an  " orgy "  where the boy drinks both his mother's milk ,  as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film ,  i almost vomited with disgust for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is .   don't get me wrong ,  i enjoy the vast majority of european cinema ,  as well as independently made films ,  so this flick should have pleased me enormously .  avoid this film at all costs ,  it should be relegated to the annals of history as a lesson in bad cinema . 
most action films are crass of hindi cinema ,  especially of sunny and his family   the film is typical sunny type with bashes ,  big dialogues and melodrama  the film also has typical rajiv rai ingredients of many henchmen and a weird villain  the starting is okay and then the shift to kenya is good but then the film goes on and on   the sequence of events move at a slow pace and nothing that great happens  they are many stupid scenes like the kenya policemen are shown like jokers especially sharat  the climax too is prolonged  rajiv rai does an okay job music is okay ,  only 1 song works and that is the last toofan camera-work is good  sunny deol is as usual ,  chunky acts like a monkey while his serious scenes are laughable ,  naseer is alright heroines are pure wood amrish puri is not even half as scary as he was in tridev the rest are okay
before i begin ,  you need to know that i am a huge fan of many of sonny chiba's films .  his biographical series of the life of his master ,  mas oyama ,  were amazing and among the best martial arts films ever made ,  as were most of his street fighter films .  the action was practically non-stop and with the possible exception of bruce lee  ( depending on who you ask )  ,  he was the greatest martial arts practitioner on film during the 1970s .  because they are so good ,  i've seen at least 15 of his films and recently bought some more  ( which i am in the process of watching )  .   unfortunately ,  despite my love of these films ,  i am not a mind-numbed zombie who worships the man to such a degree that i rate every film a 10 .  there are a few reviews like this here on imdb and i truly think that anyone giving this film a 10 should be ignored because this is such a bad film from a technical standpoint and isn't even close to the being chiba's best work .  a score of 10 isn't a real rating--it's some zombie fan trying to make a statement about chiba ,  not this film !  as i said ,  technically this film is awful .  some of this was the result of my seeing the american dubbed version ,  with its irrelevant prologue and bad dubbing .  but most of the problem would still exist with the original japanese print .  the camera-work is simply atrocious--like it was done by chimps  ( smart chimps ,  but still chimps nonetheless )  .  often ,  much of the fast martial arts action is missed because the camera is so slow or the tops of the actors heads are clipped off due to the shoddiness of production .  and ,  again and again ,  the camera pans in and out like it is a new toy being used by an idiot plus the editing is beyond wretched--with cuts being done haphazardly and confusingly .   i don't know whether the musical score is original or not--but it was also very ,  very bad .  sort of like acid rock of 1970 blended poorly with ennio morricone's  " spaghetti western "  music--it was annoying ,  distracting and just plain silly .   as for the martial arts action ,  i think that having chimps do the choreography would have improved things a bit .  instead of the great fight scenes you'd look forward to in a chiba film ,  the fights are too brief and often missed by the camera !  !  so what you are left with is the story .  .  . and this might just be the worst part of the film !  it's supposed to be an anti-drug film starring sonny chiba as .  .  .  . sonny chiba !  and when the film begins ,  he vows to destroy the drug trade in japan .  but ,  the mafia  ( complete with not a single member who looks italian ,  but who are all japanese )  vows to stop chiba .  and ,  when a lady comes to chiba with promises to give him information about how to destroy the drug trade ,  he agrees to help her and risk his life with no conditions--even though she's never forthright about telling him what she knows !  in fact ,  later it turns out she is just trying to use chiba to protect her while she herself sells a huge briefcase full of cocaine--and he continues trying to protect her !  !  this makes no sense at all and throughout much of the film it looks as if they just shot the film without a script--such as when they went into the bars and brothels and had chiba walking about as if he was drunk .   so if it was that bad ,  why still does it merit a 3 ?  well ,  first ,  there are many more horrid marital arts films  ( such as many of those from hong kong in the 1970s ) --including one with guys dressed up in gorilla suits doing kung fu and their handlers with 3 foot long tongues they used for fighting  ( now that's bad )  .  second ,  while the action is very bad compared to other sonny chiba films ,  compared to its contemporaries ,  it's not that bad .  still ,  you could easily do a lot better than this horrid little film .   by the way ,  if you are wondering if this is the worst sonny chiba film ,  it certainly is not !  in one of his first films ,  invasion of the neptune men ,  chiba plays a leotard-wearing super-hero who battles pointy-headed invaders from the planet neptune .  it's so bad that it rivals plan 9 from outer space and they saved hitler's brain for awfulness .   a final note to parents--like most of sonny chiba's films ,  this one is very violent and has its share of boobies .  don't let little kids watch this no matter how much they beg !  make them wait until they are older before you let them watch wretched rated-r martial arts films ! 
the first few minutes of  " the bodyguard "  do have a campy charm :  it opens with crawling text from the bible  ( the part that samuel jackson recites to his soon-to-be victims in  " pulp fiction "  )  ,  continues with two karate school teachers in new york arguing about the eternal question of mankind  ( who is better ?  sonny chiba or bruce lee ?  )  ,  and then chiba appears ,  playing himself ;  he immediately stops a plane hijacking and breaks a bottle in two with his bare hand .  unfortunately ,  any entertainment value ,  intentional or unintentional ,  soon gets crushed by the disjointed story ,  the lack of action for long periods of time ,  and the poor quality of any present action .  to keep it simple ,  here's why  " the bodyguard "  is an unbearable movie to watch :   1 )  you don't know what's going on .    2 )  there are barely any fights .    3 )  the fights that are there ,  are short and terribly filmed .   sonny chiba is cool .  judy lee is gorgeous ,  her face is glorious .  it's only for them that i give  " the bodyguard "  a 2nd star out of 10 .  this movie makes 87 minutes feel like 5 hours . 
the best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of sonny chiba ,  this movie gives you lots of him .  chiba makes speeches ;  chiba poses ;  chiba sneers ;  chiba glares at the camera ;  chiba punches and kicks the living sushi out of a whole bunch of bad guys ;  chiba sits around on couches and chairs and looks thoughtful/pensive ;  chiba drives his car .  .  .   i enjoy chiba as an actor and a martial artist .  .  . but even for a chiba fan ,  this movie may have a little too much sonny chiba .  it's obviously something of a vanity vehicle for him .  and no ,  i wouldn't put  " street fighter "  in the same category ,  because in  " sf "  he plays a ruthless ,  amoral anti-hero and he shares the camera with an intriguing cast of friends and foes .  here ,  he's front and center almost all the time ,  and he tries to be batman ,  captain america and bruce lee rolled into one .  toshiro mifune and chow yun fat couldn't pull this off for the length of an entire feature film ,  and sonny just kind of wears out his welcome .  at least he could have changed out of his suit once in a while .   the movie is further messed up by an entirely gratuitous and badly done introductory sequence  ( apparently tacked on to the front of the film for the american version )  and a goofy cheer  "  (  " viva !  !  chiba !  !  viva !  !  chiba !  !  )  that starts things on the wrong foot .  there is some astoundingly amateurish and inappropriate dubbing - sonny  ( or his usual english stand-in )  apparently couldn't be bothered to do the vocals for the american version ,  so they got some poor dope with an entirely different and smoother voice and dialect that is quite jarring coming from the face we all know and love from  " street fighter "  .    even with all those flaws and the overexposure ,  this could still be a minor classic ,  but the camera work and the fight scenes are hopelessly cheesy .  i'm willing to believe that karate actually works if someone as amazing as chiba's character is supposed to be does it ,  but the director and cameraman hedged their bets by chopping and editing fight scenes with a weed whacker so you can't really see what's going on most of the time .  it's not all bad :  there are some decent shots and compositions ,  and there's at least one memorable and nightmarish moment when the bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a genuinely inventive way .    and as for the actual plot .  .  . forget it .  for a  " bodyguard "  ,  chiba's character is something of an idiot .  the screenplay depends on his making mistakes and oversights that repeatedly place him  ( and his  " client "  )  in perilous situations so he can fight his way out of them ,  and after 30 minutes ,  it strains even the most credulous judgment to think that this guy is supposed to be any good .   ( also ,  if his character was really out to destroy the japanese drug trade ,  he'd have taken his client by her neck 10 minutes into the screenplay and shaken her until her teeth chattered like a castanet until she spilled her little secrets .  .  . and a whole lot of pointless death and conflict would have been avoided .  )    still ,  as a whole this movie is a long way from the bottom of the barrel .  it's still sonny chiba ,  and he's still fun to watch .  i paid a buck to get this off the bargain dvd rack at a local mega mart ,  and i feel it was worth watching once . 
avoid the usa version .  it is with added us footage and the worst dubbing you've ever heard probably done by new york amateurs .  the dubbing is so bad that it sounds like mystery science theater 3000 .  i think a black guy from the bronx does chiba's voice .  i couldn't watch the entire film it was that bad .  instead of this americanized version watch chiba's other greats like the streetfighter or karate warriors . 
i liked chiba in street fighter ,  and i figured hey ,  no matter how stupid this movie will be ,  i'll at least get to see him kick some ass ,  right ?  wrong .  this is a dull ,  dreary mess of pointless talking ,  half-assed scriptwriting and meaningless scheming .  there are few action scenes of any kind ,  even fewer martial arts scenes ,  and the few that are are shot and edited so poorly that you can't even make out what in the world is going on .  the dub is also atrocious ,  and perhaps the idiocy that is this movie is best illustrated by the fact that it supposedly features the italian mafia .  .  .  except they're all japanese !  avoid like the plague--you would see better martial arts by looking through the window of your local preschool karate class for five minutes . 
after watching  " the bodyguard "  last night ,  i felt compelled to write a review of it .   this could have been a pretty decent movie had it not been for the awful camera-work .  it was beyond annoying .  the angles were all wrong ,  it was impossible to see anything ,  especially during the fight sequences .  the closeups were even horrible .   the story has sonny chiba hiring himself out as a bodyguard to anyone willing to lead him to the top of a drug ring .  he is approached by judy lee ,  who is never quite straight with chiba .  lee's involvement in the drug ring is deeper than chiba thought ,  as the mob and another gang of thugs are after her .   the story was decent ,  and despite horrible dubbing ,  this could have been a good movie .  given better direction and editing ,  i'm sure this would have been a classic kung foo movie .  as it is ,  it's more like another cheesy 70's action movie .   note :  the opening sequence has a quote familiar to  " pulp fiction "  fans ,  and then continues to a karate school in times square that is in no way related to the rest of the movie .   rating :  4 out of 10
this is easily one of the worst martial arts films i've ever seen ,  and that's saying something .  the chant of viva chiba ,  viva chiba is heard at the title ,  soon you will be chanting to yourself stupid ,  stupid .  the basic story is that the mafia is running drugs into japan and one man vowels to stop them ,  of course that's our man sonny chiba .  the karate master offers up his service to anyone who can provide information on the drug lords .  a woman comes forward and he becomes the bodyguard ,  but what are her true intentions ?  let me say at this point who cares ?  soon we are treated to or tortured by a series of poorly choreographed fights and a lame storyline that becomes more and more laughable at every moment .  sonny eventually wipes out the bad guys with his karate skills ,  end of story .  oh yeah the woman was corrupt too .  congratulations you may have just watched the funniest film ever .   as stated already this is one of the worst martial arts films i have ever seen .  what makes it semi watchable is to see how badly made a film can be .  some have already mentioned the infamous american intro put into the film .  that's probably the most entertaining part of the film and it's beyond funny .  i would agree its worth watching just to see how lame the 70's karate scene was at the time .  watch as aaron banks leaves a guy hanging by his nuts then flips a fat student  ( bad editing )  punching him in the throat .  but everything is badly done in this film .  terrible unbelievable fights ,  fake i mean fake blood ,  bad acting ,  dubbing ,  wardrobe ,  and let's not forget the story .  one man to take out an entire drug problem in a country ?  i bet .  fight after fight is laughable .  this was the 70's when people still believed karate was effective in a fight ,  but chiba brings it to new levels with some of the nonsense put out in this movie .  let's see he kicks a gun in half ,  kicks a guy so hard what looks like his dentures fall out and of course chopping the bottle scene ,  give me a break .  not to mention the fact that it's very hard to tell what happens in the fights because it's filmed so poorly .  one part that was amusing was when he broke the guys arm through the door giving him a compound fracture .  ok .  as the action goes on we are treated to gobs of blood ,  really fake blood .  too say it looked poorly made is and understatement .  the acting is totally non existent in this film .  i don't expect much from a film of this caliber anyway as long as the action is good ,  but it wasn't and as expected the dubbing is extremely poor .  was it my imagination or did they dub the asian go go dancer with a black accent ?  as expected from a 70's wardrobe you'll be in stitches laughing at some of the trends and nasty women put forth for the gratuitous nudity that comes with these flicks .  also why would the mafia be so obvious and all where black trench coats and hats all the time ?  don't try and hide it now .  the characters were stupid as well .  the pimp club owner's one of whom is decked out in a japanese pimp suit and the other who has a taste for bores head looks like fat hippie .  also one last thing that bothered me throughout the film was the awful music with some woman whaling .  it was very annoying .   overall this is a terrible film by both martial arts standards and good movie making .  that doesn't mean that it's not entertaining .  with a film made so poorly it's hard not to laugh through most of this film ,  if you can stomach it .  this was an old favorite watch with my best friend .  if it was purely bad i would give one star ,  but the laughs it delivers bumps it up .  4 out 10 . 
i just finished watching this film and wow was that bad .  actually the only thing that kept me watching was that it was so monumentally bad it was kind of entertaining .  the action of the characters is hilarious ,  from the hyper-dramatic way they fall to gunfire ,  to their incredibly bad acting  ( were the bad guys all just pulled off the street ,  or were they actually actors ?  )  ,  to incredibly bad delivery of lines ,  to their inexplicable actions  ( if you are going to try and shoot someone through a doorway as they enter ,  obviously the thing to do is shoot directly at the doorknob !  !  )  .  this film must break some record for worst written and delivered lines .   the camera work was also really bad - you can hardly see what's going on in the fight scenes due to switching camera angles and shakiness .   i would have voted  " 1 "  except that i do like chiba and sidekick sue shihomi ,  and i was entertained by a couple of scenes :  1 )  breaking of a villain's arm so the bone pops out of the skin  ( that's gotta hurt )  2 )  a drug kingpin eating a brown-furred animal  ( a monkey ?  ?  )  by hacking away at the carcass with a meat cleaver 3 )  sonny chiba's performing some impromptu eye surgery on a guy with his fingers .   i am actually a big fan of sonny chiba but this one is really not worth anyone's time .  i've seen about 7 or 8 of his films and have come to the conclusion that the only ones worth watching  ( and they are great !  )  are the street fighter series ,  and the killing machine .  i've also heard the executioner and golgo 13 are good .  i recommend sticking to those ones . 
lil bush is a 30 minute cartoon show comprised of 2 15 minutes episodes shown on comedy central .  it takes place in a fictional ,  cartoonish washington d . c .  ,  and centers around the satirical ,  childish representations of george w .  bush ,  condoleeza rice ,  donald rumsfeld and dick cheyney .  other politicians are also satirized in the same manner ,  and act as minor characters .   the pilot of little bush ,  much to this commentator's expectations ,  proved to be a rather shallow and esoteric production ,  which barely delivers on its featured promise :  a satirical look at the current presidential administration .  while one must admit that premise of the show does have some merit ,  even though it would be hard to imagine a show based almost completely of the denigration of a single political persona would survive to continue to produce episodes after his term of office expired ,  execution that can only be described as sloppy at best ,  and downright awful at worst ,  has marred what little potential the show had .   lil bush ,  which may be technically classified as  " satire "  ,  tends to disregard its actual use of the particular tool of comedy in order to lambaste its targets in exceptionally vulgar  ( but not particularly original ,  entertaining ,  or funny )  ways .  the show's consistently weak writing often consists of little more than recording bush/cheney jokes heard elsewhere ad nauseam and placing them all in a single 30 minute block of television .  as such ,  most of the jokes that presented by the writers were shameless clichés ,  some of which that been in public circulation for more than 6 years already .  comparing the vice president to darth vader ,  for example ,  may have been funny in the first 300 times one has heard it on the daily show/colbert report/letterman/conan o'brien/leno monologue/any late-night-talk-show-ever ,  but it is not funny here .  as if that were not enough ,  the show's plots seem to exist simply as a means to advance the same old ,  tiresome bush jokes that the writers have made the center of the program .   in the show's defense ,  when the writers dare to write in a truly original joke  ( which seems to be a rarity )  it is often somewhat humorous .  if the show were to expand its depth somewhat ,  and place its characters into new situations ,  exotic situations ,  rather than the same old mistakes and  " quagmires "  perpetuated by the bush administration ,  therefore not having to rely on the same old bush jokes over and over again ,  the show might be considered somewhat tolerable ,  and possibly even innovative .   ultimately ,  it is difficult to ascertain which shortcoming causes the lil bush series the most damage ;  its clear lack of originality and weak writing quality ,  or its painfully narrow minded ambitions .  it is reasonable to expect that lil bush will be able to maintain a small base of left wing fans ,  that is ,  if they are able to endure the exceptionally poor writing ;  so long as the program continues to lampoon the bush administration thoroughly .  even so ,  the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is ,  a weak and pointlessly vulgar attempt at satire ,  and tune out in search of something more intellectually stimulation ;  the price is right ,  perhaps . 
i want to start by stating i am a republican ,  even though i don't agree with a lot of the things bush has done in office .  and i love the daily show and colbert report .  they have to be two of my favorite shows on tv .  i enjoy the bush jokes on conan ,  letterman ,  leno ,  because i admit that w is not the smartest guy to ever walk the earth ( i do believe he's not the dumbest either .  )  but it comes to a point when enough is enough and it's not really that funny anymore .  i see where it can be funny and it is ( hey he's making fun of our authority figure he's hilarious .  )  .  comedy central though is just trying to hard to poke fun at him .  i mean maybe one special episode ,  but an entire series is just dumb .  it seems cc is just saying the same bush jokes that we've heard way to many times .  i really cannot see this show going past 1 season . 
this show is not clever .  that's basically what it boils down to .  the  " original humor "  that these writers try to pull off to avoid completely biting off the rest of the worlds bush bashing is just unfunny .  in another comment ,  someone quotes a couple hilarious lines .  the standout for me was george h . w .  bush telling the kids they're not supposed to watch any tv besides fox news .  wow .  i thought the episodes i saw were bad .  the fact that this line is a high point for the series is pathetic .   my problem with drivel like this sad excuse for political satire is that these folks are getting a second season .  i'm a liberal republican and i know bush hasn't been a good president .  we all do .  but that's no excuse for putting out this utterly poopie waste of time .  i place these writers on the same level as the geniuses behind 'meet the spartans' .  their formula ,  bite off as many already unfunny topical jokes as you can and throw in even worse original material to actually be able to give yourself writing credit .   again ,  just plain bad .  unfunny ,  and it just makes me more and more unhappy that crap like this is renewed ,  but amazing and original shows like arrested development are canned after 3 solid seasons .  please don't watch this crap ,  unless you're one of those green blooded liberal hippies who think any sentence with the words bush and dumb is comedic gold .    oh ,  and the voice of bush sucks .  all he does is slightly emulate a texan accent ,  and exhale really hard at the end of his sentences .  at least south park admits the voices aren't accurate .  if you want funny political satire ,  watch daily show/colbert .  or look for any political sketches on robot chicken ,  which is fun to watch ,  since the stop motion action figure animation is extremely well done .  look for the george bush as a jedi bit on youtube .  priceless
instead ,  go to the zoo ,  buy some peanuts and feed 'em to the monkeys .  monkeys are funny .  people with amnesia who don't say much ,  just sit there with vacant eyes are not all that funny .   black comedy ?  there isn't a black person in it ,  and there isn't one funny thing in it either .   walmart buys these things up somehow and puts them on their dollar rack .  it's labeled unrated .  i think they took out the topless scene .  they may have taken out other stuff too ,  who knows ?  all we know is that whatever they took out ,  isn't there any more .   the acting seemed ok to me .  there's a lot of unfathomables tho .  it's supposed to be a city ?  it's supposed to be a big lake ?  if it's so hot in the church people are fanning themselves ,  why are they all wearing coats ? 
abysmal with a capital  " a "  .  this has got to be one of ,  if not the ,  unfunniest show on tv right now .  i'm about as anti-bush as it gets ,  but this show doesn't even get a chuckle out of me .  what you think of bush as a president has absolutely nothing to do with whether or not you'll like this piece of crap show .  the  " jokes "  are not funny at all .  for example ,  in a scene when lil bush has his underwear on his head :   " welcome to camp al-qa-eeda !  "  .  there is nothing funny about that .  is it even supposed to be joke ?  the commercials that were shown in the weeks leading up to the show ,  hyping it up ,  were funnier than the show itself ,  and that's just sad .  hopefully this does not even get considered for a second season .  it shouldn't even have had a first . 
honestly ,  my expectations for little bush were low .  i was expecting a little cartoon series with lots of fun  ( but rehashed and overdone )  bush jokes .  apparently i should have lowered my expectations even more .   the writing was absolutely pathetic .  aside from the cheney-chicken-eating joke ,  and some giggly-little swipes ,  it was really boring and unfunny .   the animation was about as sophisticated as a thirteen-year old's flash project .  it's disgraceful that they used macromedia's product for this ,  because it's capable of so much more .   i don't like bush that much ,  and i enjoy a bush-joke as much as the next guy ,  but this was just a half-hour swipe at the president with several painfully un-funny moments .  trey parker and matt stone did so much more with that's my bush .   do yourself a favor ,  skip  " lil' bush "  and go buy a copy of the short-lived comedy  " that's my bush "  .  you'll thank me . 
i am marking this as a  " spoiler "  only because of some of my comments of the show's content ,  not to the content itself .   as i read the comments it is apparent that those republicans somehow tolerate the show ,  but disdain it ,  while the democrats seems to relish in its so called truthfulness .  one reader even  ( so it seems )  actually indicates that he believes these events did or could have happened when bush was in grade school .   but as to the content as i see it ,  trying to be neutral ,  is that the group that made this series must actually be really bush haters .  in the episode that i saw last ,  s02e03 ,  it showed that the program must have been put together long before mccain became the front runner for the nomination ;  because ,  the other former front runners are all featured .   another thing that caught my attention ,  was the use of add in closets .  i thought that the series must have been made in europe of for sure not in the u . s . a .  ,  because i know of no home the u . s . a .  that does not have built in closets ,  and most likely in the homes of the artists .   as i watch the show ,  yes i do get caught up in it ,  i am amazed to see what must be a terrific desire of the writers to do what they can to embarrass our president .  sure there are problems as most american will agree ,  but that is no reason to be so hateful in public displays seen around the world .  perhaps the trend has now been set by this show and network ,  so that if obama or hillary got in ,  would they continue to produce and air the same sort of  " humor "  about them ?   just one more comment on a commentator's remarks .  if there had been some sort of change in the election back in 2000 ,  according to that writer ,  he was so sure that there would be a completely different acceptable president .  wow ,  wishful thinking on his part .  as far as 911 events ,  i do believe that it was set in motion back when clinton was president ,  and i can't see how if gore was president anything would be much different . 
when anti-bush jokes get really easy to do ,  a show like this had better make sure it has something extra .  when that something extra is kid versions of political figures making jokes about the future they don't have yet ,  it's just plain nonsense .  dick cheney and george bush are done well but dick cheney mutters mostly .  there's also condoleeza rice who has a crush on bush for some reason and donald rumsfeld who isn't really that similar to donald rumsfeld at all .  the democratic characters rarely give their names so it's a mystery as to who could be who aside from barack obama and hilary clinton .   the episodes have coherent stories but that's not nearly enough to keep this from sinking . 
if the only sex you've ever had is with a farm animal ,  then the tag line for this movie is probably still misleading .   this is by far one of the most boring movies i've had the pleasure to try and watch lately .  i found the dvd lying around at my friend's house ,  and i made the sad mistake of not burning it .   i am unable to tell any details without spoiling the movie because there are only about 5 details to this movie .  just try to imagine someone making a movie about things on c-span only the fictional movie is 10 times less interesting than the most boring debate on c-span .   i think there is a conspiracy somewhere in this movie ,  but i was unable to tell exactly what it was after i gouched my eyeballs out and threw them at richard gere . 
the main problem with  " power "  is that it features way too may pointless characters and subplots that add absolutely nothing to the movie whatsoever .  it gets boring after awhile ,  sitting around waiting through scenes that don't connect to find something that drives the movie forward .  you could probably pass it all off as character development ,  but all of them are either recycled from earlier scenes in the movie ,  or are just simply to flat and uninteresting .  lumet never gives enough time to let any of the supporting cast blossom .  he should have cut a few of the characters  ( hackman ,  the wife )  and concentrated harder on others  ( billings )  .  it could have been a great ,  hard political thriller instead of a jumbled mess that loses any message in a sea of bad writing and acting ,  a fact that amazed me considering the cast .  even gene hackman performance wasn't up to par .  denzel washington is the only real actor of note here .  gere and the others have all done much better performances elsewhere .    sidney lumet needs to go back to the fierce one man shows he did in the seventies  ( i . e ,  serpico )  and stop trying to recapture his success with  " 12 angry men "  and  " fail safe "  .  it hasn't worked yet sidney ,  and it most likely never will .  leave the ensemble dramas to altman .    3/10  * / * * * *
everyone involved  ( and the audience )  should seek out  " the candidate "  to see how good this movie could have been .  what happened the south american story ?  what were julie christie and kate capshaw thinking to allow their roles to be cardboard cut-outs .  up to now i have liked every gene hackman performance and/or movie .  he was either disinterested  ( which i can hardly believe )  or dreadfully miscast .  i have also liked and defended richard gere  ( and been vilified for it )  .  but here he had no  " power "  .  he was never intimidating and only occasionally persuasive .  all in all i was very disappointed .  i really expected much more from this director and cast .  if you can't find  " the candidate "  watch  " wag the dog "  again or even  " bulworth "  . 
if there was a zero rating ,  i would give it to this movie .  today was the second time i tried to watch it and i still couldn't make it through from beginning to end .  i can't believe the multiple stars given by others & can only assume they either know the actors or are a publicist in disguise !  the acting is atrocious all around ,  the script is blah ,  the kid playing nichole shows zero emotion even when she's being threatened .  the  " southern "  accent from the actress playing amber's mom is laughable - i'm from georgia and have friends from texas - believe me nobody talks like that !  none of her emotions seemed real in any scene .  the subject matter is very serious and deserves much better treatment . 
i think that elisabeth rohm ,  though she may try hard ,  is not very good at all .  i guess it was because of budget that she may have been the only one they could get for that price .  i mainly watched it for the performance of myron natwick ,  whose work i know very well .   he was the most believable and without doubt the most compelling to watch .  when he wasn't on the screen ,  the thing went dead .  this was filmed in vancouver .  he gave me the creeps ,  but be assured that in real life he is a kind ,  funny compassionate man .  he even said playing that role gave him the creeps .   i'll watch anything with him in it ,  but elisabeth rohm - never again .  she was as exciting as lint on law and order .  maybe a very nice person ,  but no actress . 
i am from the dallas/fort worth area and lived in arlington for a few years .  this movie was way off as far as making it look like arlington .  i saw mountains in the background of one scene !  texas doesn't have mountains .  i guess that happens when a movie that is supposed to be in texas is filmed in canada .  the accents are also really bad .  they should have gotten actors from texas to play the parts .  there a lot of aspiring actors from texas out in hollywood .  the movie is really sad though ,  because it is a true story .  i pray that the killer is found and convicted .  the one good thing is that bc of her death ,  we now have the amber alert to help find missing children quickly after they are abducted . 
where to start .  .  .  if this movie had been a dark comedy ,  i would say it was fannn-tastic !  unfortunately for me ,  and anyone else with free time and a buck to spare  ( mind you that was the price i paid ,  got it from wal-mart )  ,  this movie was meant to be a thriller .  the only thrill i got was watching kirkland's lousy rendition of anne wilkes from misery sans snowy woodland area .  if you want a good laugh ,  on a rainy friday night with some friends ,  then i highly recommend this movie .  but if you want to watch something at least half way decent ,  then don't even bother .   i for one enjoy crappy films ,  the worse the better in most cases .  but wow .  .  .  i meant wow !  !  the only person in the entire film that didn't stink it up was the little boy ,  played by vincent berry .  the only reason why i even give it 3 stars is because it gave me something to do . 
the female lead was a terrible actress which made the whole movie mediocre .  she was smiling too much when she first went in front of the cameras to talk about her daughter .  this should have made the police suspect her .  i would have been inconsolable in the identical situation .  she seemed way calm for a mother who could not find her daughter .  it was as if she did not want to even be in the movie .  jennifer aniston would have played the part better .  and it would have made a lot more money for such a controversial ,  important subject .  everyone else was excellent .  i don't know where the lead actress is but i hope she got some acting lessons . 
elizabeth rohm was the weakest actress of all the law and order ada's and her acting is even worse here .  her attempts at a texas accent are amateurish and unrealistic .  nor can she adequately summon the intense emotions needed to play the mother of a kidnapped child ;  at times while her daughter is missing she manages to sound only vaguely annoyed ,  as if she can't remember where she left her keys .   this is an important true story ,  so it's too bad that the awful acting of the lead actress distracts so much from the message .  the rest of the cast is talented enough ,  but they just can't overcome rohm's tendency to simply lay on a particularly thick imitation of a southern drawl whenever actual acting is required . 
i am anthony park ,  glenn park is my father .  first off i want to say that the story behind this movie and the creation of the amber alert system is a good one .  however the movie itself was poorly made and the acting was terrible .  the major problem i had with the movie involved the second half with nichole timmons and father glenn park .  the events surrounding that part of the story were not entirely correct .  my father was suffering from psychological disorders at the time and picked up nichole without any intent to harm her at all .  he loved her like a daughter and was under the mindset that he was rescuing her from some sort of harm or neglect that he likely believed was coming from her mother who paid little attention to her over the 3 plus years that my father took care of her and summarily raised her so her mother could frolic about .  the movie depicted my father in a manner that he was going to harm her in some way shape or form .  the funny thing is that nichole had spent many nights sometimes consecutively at my fathers place while sharon would be working or doing whatever she was doing .  the reason that my father was originally thought to be violent was because he had items that could be conceived to be weapons on his truck .  my father was a landscaper .  the items they deemed to be weapons were landscaping tools that he kept in his truck all the time for work .  my recommendation is take this movie with a grain of salt ,  it is a good story and based on true events however the details of the movie  ( at least the nichole timmons - glenn park portion )  are largely inaccurate and depict the failure of the director to discover the truth in telling the story .  the funny thing is ,  that if the director would have interviewed any of sharon's friends who knew the situation they would have stated exactly what i have posted here . 
carnosaur 3 :  primal species  ( 1996 )  d :  jonathan winfrey .  scott valentine ,  janet gunn ,  rick dean ,  anthony peck ,  rodger halston ,  terri j .  vaughn ,  billy burnette .  why even bother reviewing this movie ?  another stupid dinosaur movie in which top secret military guys discover those lethal  ( and very fake-looking )  prehistoric monsters running around killing people in gory ways .  the original was bad enough ,  the sequel was even worse .  this falls somewhere in between ,  though unrelated to either of the previous carnosaur films .  rating :  2 out of 10 .  rated r for graphic violence and gore ,  grisly images ,  and profanity . 
okay ,  i remember watching the first one ,  and boy did it suck .  after watching it ,  i just laughed it off and told myself ,   " oh boy ,  just another low budget b-movie .  i'll never see a part 2 to this one .  "  then ,  about 1 1/2 years later ,  there came part two .  it sucked even more .  but ,  i just laughed it off again and said ,   " there's no way i'm ever gonna see a part 3 to this one .  "  then ,  about 1/2 a year later ,  part 3 came out .  i was stupid enough to rent it and boy ,  i just snapped after watching it .  god ,  i never actually realized how much movies can suck these days .  just save yourself $7 . 50 and don't rent the whole series .  trust me ,  it's worth every penny . 
carnosaur 3 is bad .  .  .  awfully bad .  bad to the point where it is funny .  how matter how much i try to convince myself ,  i just can't believe anyone in this world could find this entertaining for serious reasons .  i mean ,  come on ,  even the cover is bad !  ok ,  the special effects are absolutely ridiculous .  those  " carnosaurs "  are really ridiculous .  a scientist tells the soldiers that they move incredibly fast ,  yet when you see them run ,  they run at the speed of .  .  .  an actor in a rubber suit trying to run as much as he can .  and the explosions are funny ( there is no other word to describe it )  .  at the beginning ,  a bullet hits a jeep after a guys says  " what was that ?  "  .  .  .  and the other explosions are also laughable .  but the worst thing is the screenplay and the so-called story .  you don't expect a good story ( or ,  i don't think anyone renting this movie expects a good movie )  but at least the story has to try to make sense .  i mean ,  how hard is it to make a story about dinosaurs killing people at least coherent .  incredibly hard if you look at this .  oh ,  and if you think that it's easy to makes believable commandos as your characters ,  tell it to the writers of this awful ,  awful piece of crap .  i mean ,  what sick human being would make cheap jokes after one of his buddies is dead ?  and they do lots of it .  and if you think that a movie about dinosaurs killing soldiers can only be at least action-packed ,  wake up !  !  !  this movie is incredibly dull .  the carnosaurs ( who invented this lame name anyway ?  )  attack ( in boring action sequences where you don't see much happening )  .  the soldiers think of how to beat them ( in incredibly funny scenes where they try real hard to be serious but can't seem to convince even just one second )  .  so ,  then ,  they attack the carnosaurs ,  but their idea doesn't work ( another laughable action sequence )  .  back to planning ( with a few lame jokes thrown in )  in another ridiculous scene .  and this goes on ,  and on ,  and on .  and let's not forget the acting which is about as convincing as the special effects .  .  .  and the story .  .  .  oh ok ,  this movie simply sucks from a to z .   
i really hope that concorde/new horizons wasn't trying to make a serious horror ,  or even action movie when they made carnosaur 3 .  the movie is flat-out silly from start to finish .  even the humor in c3 is funny because it's bad .  definitely a high water mark in the 'so bad it's good' genre .  if you enjoy the very worst of the worst ,  this is for you . 
this is probably one of the worst  " wanna be a low budget hit films "  to credit the dinosaur genre .  the film is so predictable you could go away ,  cook yourself dinner ,  go answer the phone or whatever and when you're back you'll know exactly what has happened .  the special effects are so poor you would have thought lego bricks were used and the  " super fast "  dinosaurs were so tame that it makes a pet dog look like a super predator .  the acting is over cooked .  they try so hard ,  yet there just isn't enough character behind them to get into the characters and as for the scientist .  .  .  yeah okay we know exactly whats going to happen to the blonde chick in glasses .  stereotypical was created for films like this .  if you want to watch this film ,  i suggest you aren't in as a serious mood as the cast and crew obviously were .  and if you are really really into dinosaurs and know everything in the world about them ,  don't watch it ,  you might break the screen - the facts are that far off . 
this is one of the silliest movies i have ever had the misfortune to watch !  i should have expected it ,  after seeing the first two ,  but i keep getting suckered into these types of movies with the idea of  " maybe they did it right this time "  .  nope - not even close .   where do i begin ?  how about with the special effects .  .  .  to give you an idea of what passes for sfx in this movie ,  at one point a soldier is shooting at a  " raptor "  as it runs down a hallway .  even with less than a second of screen time ,  the viewer can easily see that it is just a man with a tail apparently taped to him running around .  bad bad bad bad .   how about the acting ?  if that's what you can call it .  there is one character who ,  i suppose ,  is supposed to be from the south .  however ,  after living in the south for six years now ,  i have never heard this way of talking .  perhaps he has some sort of weird disability - the inability to talk normally .  i find it fascinating that the character does nothing that requires him to have that accent - therefore there was no reason for the actor to try to do one .   how about the plot ?  it's pretty basic - raptors escape ,  people with guns must hunt them down .  i'm starting to wonder why the dinosaurs in these movies always seem to run into the nearest system of tunnels .  .  .  wouldn't they stay outside to hunt prey ?  oh well ,  at least they have the good sense to appear very very little in the movie which supposedly revolves around them .   other things - let's say you are in a building and you know that there are man eating raptors running around in it .  would you decide to take time out to have an argument about who is better - army or marine ?  and then decide to have an arm wrestling contest to settle it ?  how about the idiotic idea that they have to track down the raptors - split up into groups of two .  didn't they ever watch any horror movies  ( or at least an episode of scooby doo )  ?  in short ,  this is one of the dumber movies out there .  miss it unless you want to groan your way through a movie . 
primal species  ( 1996 ,  dir .  jonathan winfrey )    international terrorists get a surprise when their cargo turn out to contain living dinosaurs .  the army commando team now have to think fast ,  if they want to prevent the extinction of the human species ,  instead of the reptiles .   you look at the cover and you gain your first impressions of the film .  that is pretty much it .  the acting is only just acceptable from a few characters .  the story is poor ,  with the whole film based on the army and the marines trying to kill the dinosaurs .  this film came out three years after 'jurassic park' .  instead ,  this film looks to have come out 13 years before 'jurassic park' .  the dinosaurs costumes are so poorly made ,  and i do mean costumes .  there are obviously people dressed up ,  and this film makes no attempts at hiding this .  a scene when a dinosaur runs down a corridor is created in a way ,  in which it looks like someone is riding the creature .  the is one good thing ,  which comes out of this film .  the short running time .  at only 1 hour and 15 minutes ,  it doesn't waste too much of your life ,  but still try to avoid it altogether .    " it's like a friday the 13th nightmare .  "  - officer  ( brian currie ) 
in general i like dinosaur movies but this one is pure crap .  no script ,  no dialogues ,  no acting .  and the brave colonel rance trying to show he is tough and so curving his mouth resembles as a twin brother the stupid proctor from the police academy .  so this was a complete waste of time  ( fortunately not waste of money as i saw the film on tv )  .  and i really cannot understand 7 people who graded this sh*t 10 .  they must've joked .  my advice ,  if you see this title run from it ! 
towards the end of this thriller ally sheedy's gaunt latter-day image is used creatively to make up more than one hauntingly evil image .  she convinces one that ,  if a nasty bette davis-type role were to come her way ,  she could carry it off brilliantly .  unfortunately ,  i can't find many other reasons for seeing this .  if you've wondered what sheedy looks like in a pair of old-fashioned glasses  ( but why should anyone ?  )  then here's your answer .  for the rest ,  sally kirkland's sex-starved crazy woman is really tiresome ,  and even if you like this sort of thing more than i do you'll have to admit that the tension sags badly during these scenes .  savage's drunken brute of an insurance agent is equally distasteful but at least it's a small role .  of the leading actors ,  nicholas walker inspires no sympathy at all for paul keller's plight and his acting is wooden .  dara tomanovich is better and during her scenes with sheedy the level rises a little .  sheedy's meticulous ,  understated performance  ( though she often seems to be on automatic pilot )  is admirable in itself but out of context with the rest .  the sets are drab ,  the camera-work undistinguished . 
this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen .  .  .  it is humorous how bad it is .  .  the entire time i was watching it i half expected music to start and the doctor starts dancing .  .  ( i've seen porno's with a better plot )  when the raptor was trying to get in the door i think someone was throwing a plastic doll against the door from about 2 feet away .  but as i said it is so bad you need to watch it so that you can see just how bad it is me explaining it isn't going to do anything compared to if you watch it  .  .  i don't recommend renting it but if it comes on tv watch it for about 30min just to see what i mean .  i couldn't watch more than 30min but if you can sit through the whole thing then you have some good willpower
if this is your first time experiencing the wonders of cinema ,  if you've never seen a  " moving picture "  before ,  you'll think this movie is a child of the gods .  but if you've seen a movie ,  a tv show ,  even barney the dinosaur ,  then you won't be very impressed by this film .  heck barney the dinosaur was even more realistic than the dinos in this flick .   now i like b movies .  i just watched  " the giant gila monster "  right before i watched this swill ,  and i liked that movie much better .  it works as a b movie .  it has lamer dialog , hokier acting ,  cheesier effects and an honest to gosh real gila monster as the monster !  carno 3 just doesn't pack much of a b movie punch .  it has some gore ,  and that polchek guy comes close to being funny a few times but this movie is underwhelming ,  almost .  .  .  . flaccid .  it's the little engine that couldn't of dinosaur movies .  i'm not saying you shouldn't watch the movie .    some people can watch gum drying on a sidewalk and feel entertained .  if you're one of those people ,  then give this movie a shot . 
this is one of the funniest movies i've ever seen .  i rented it as a joke ,  expecting to get a giggle out of the first few scenes ,  and let me just say i've never laughed so hard in my life .  the first scene where ninjas randomly pop out of the air and start a huge and ridiculous fire fight is one of the most incredibly funny stupid action movie moments of my life .  this is not a dinosaur movie ,  but more a movie that makes fun  ( and doesn't mean to at all )  of the action genre .  i didn't see the first two ,  but judging by the complexity of the plot ,  i don't think there's to much i missed .  if you wanna see a movie that goes great with a six pack or any herbal remedy ,  than i insist you rent this movie and sit back and watch a 100 years of advancement in cinema get thrown in the trash and get shat on by carnosours
like all carnosaur movies ,  this is a joke .  the way the dinosaurs move ,  reminds me of when my sister plays with her dolls ,  because they cannot be any stiffer or more fake-looking than they were .   the plot had no sense whatsoever .  i mean ,  first they're on a bus ,  then in a warehouse then ,  all of a sudden ,  they're on a boat .  and let's be serious ,  does it make sense that a couple of dinosaurs can stay together on a van ,  or on a ship ?  i thought dinosaurs were the biggest animals ,  and now they can fit on a moving van .  it sounds stupid even when you think about it .   the only reason for which i gave this a 3 ,  is because it's still entertaining .  i found it better than the first one  ( haven't watched the second yet )  .  just ,  don't rent it .  i saw it on tv and it's a good thing i did because i wouldn't have wanted to waste money renting it . 
arg .  the shuffling dinosaurs are back to take another bite out of our sanity in this all-awful third film .  this time ,  european terrorists ( irish i'd say )  hi-jack an army convoy supposed to be transporting uranium .  they pull into a shipyard ,  open the truck and discover our old friends the carnosaurs .  pandemonium comes visiting then when the rubber dinos chomp the terrorists ,  the cops and some marines .  the whole film seems to be  ( again )  largely inspired from alien ( as carnosaur 2 was )  with the pathetic marines going through the  " claustrophobic "  shipyard ?  guns at the ready .  this third opus is probably the driest and ungoriest film of the lot ,  with only one spurt of blood when a rubber dino rips a marine's head off .  the dinos are stiff ,  shuffling creatures as usual and the t-rex sounds like an enraged elephant when it roars ( it also appears to have no eyes )  .  one of the goofiest scenes of the film is when the coppers arrive on the scene :  they enter the building where the hijacked truck is kept and hear some weird noise coming from another truck .  on opening it ,  surprise !  the rubber reptile gang burst out and devour them .  why were the dinos locked up in the second truck after escaping from the first ?  how did they get locked in as the truck door could only be locked from the outside ?  what was the point of filming this scene ?  ?  ?  ?  oh bother ,  who cares ?  both thumbs down for the over-sized rubber iguanas . 
i haven't seen the first two - only this one which is called primal species in england .  i don't think i'll be bothering to look them out though .   this is an awful film .  terrible acting ,  bad dialogue ,  cheap rubber monsters .  everything about it is so nasty .  the most sympathetic characters die really quickly and leave you with the annoying ones ,  especially one called polchak ,  who is an incredible jerk .  no-one like that would survive 5 minutes in the army .  he lasted for ages but i was pleased when he finally got his head got chewed off - i was having nightmares he was going to survive .  the colonel was rubbish too - all moody pouts and clueless shouting .  and the specky doctor looked and acted like she was out of a porno .  i was waiting for her to take her glasses off ,  shake her hair and turn into a vamp ,  but she didn't .  pity that ,  as it would've livened the film up no end .   didn't roger corman used to make half decent films once ? 
ok .  .  .  .  .  this is the third in the series of carnosaur .  lets star with the dinosaur puppets !  in the start of the film you cant see the dino's cause when the body count starts you can only see the dino's eye vision ,  pretty smart to hide the bad puppets !  and maybe in 16 minutes forward on the film some special force team with scott valentine as the leader rance ,  the team walks into the warehouse and then they begins to find body parts and dead body's after the dino rampage ,  after a while some big box comes failing on the team and you can hear a velociraptor scream ,  pretty creepy !  !  !  and then a black girl walks forward and now one blooper is found !  it pops up a raptor hand and slashed her face but if you pause when the raptor hand comes you can see that its just a guy with a hand puppet !  ?  wtf !  the story is simple .  1 .  some terrorist's attacks some truck cause they though it wash some weapons in there .  2 .  they where dead wrong it seams to be ten tons raptor and one giant t-rex in there !  how did the t-rex fit in there ?  ?  ?  3 .  rance and some nerds will kill the dinosaurs !  sadly some stupid blond girl told him to capture one of them alive= (  4 .  holy jesues the raptors have wheels on their feats !  5 .  the dino's is now on a boat in the pacific .  6 :  strange i didn't know that the t-rex had a strange thing on hes neck ?  ?  ?  7 .  the end .  the film is good if you want a good laugh .  5/10
ok i had higher hopes for this carnosaur movie simply because it seemed like the sequels were getting better as they came out .  i did like carnosaur 2 better than 1 .  i figured well this one is newer so it must be better right ?  well .  .  .  i quickly learned i was wrong .  i was extremely confused with the casting .  they brought back rick dean for another spotlight character and michael macdonald as a police officer .  now for rick dean lol ,  in carnosaur 2 i thought he fit the role pretty well and wasn't really annoyed by him ,  now in carnosaur 3 wow they placed him as an elite soldier .  now we are getting goofy here .  the movie actually started out pretty good with a decent gun fight and dinos escaping out of there little freezer trucks ,  but as soon as scott valentines team showed up we had a mix of a romantic comedy with very funny performances from retarded and floppy dinosaurs .   i'll start with the raptors first ,  they had there tails drag the ground ,  which in the second one they were up in the air which looked more common for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph .  now when they ran they wiggled back and forth and the heads didn't move at all .  there hands were floppy all over the place and since they were extremely poorly shot by the director they looked stupid and out of place .   the t-rex was extremely pathetic ,  they would of been better off using the one from the previous 2 movies .  at least that one looked somewhat frightening .  the one in this film looked like it was smiling all the time .  the legs when it walked was hilarious ,  like it was john wayne in the old west all stiff legged and stuff .  lol another thing i noticed is that the hands did not move ,  they were stuck next to its body so it looked and sounded  ( god the sound effects were awful )  retarded !  !  !  now if i was the director and realized that i had this to work with maybe i would of maybe tried a little bit harder to hide the fakeness fact .  as for the rest of the movie ,  well this was the sloppiest and loudest military team i have ever seen .  the weapons they used wouldn't make sense for the scenario .  they even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs were roaming ,  now i was tickled at this scene because i thought that while this stupidity was going on that the dinos would get in there and cause some damage .  instead the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time .  i would like to look at this movie as the 3 stooges of dinosaur movies .  you have retarded military ,  retarded dinosaurs ,  retarded scenario and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend of your day watching this .   now i'm not saying i wouldn't watch this ,  bc actually i do recommend everyone see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment .  it may seem like i'm ranting but really i'm hyping this movie up to what it is .  its really a lot of fun to watch because while watching this you think to yourself ,   " did the director really make this seriously ?  " 
everything in this film is bad  ,  the story  ,  the acting  ,  the effects but its funny  ,  funny  ,  funny  !  !  ! scott valentine with the army uniform thats ten sizes too big is so bad with the permanent attempt at a scowl on his face as the leader of a special ops group its hilarious  !  the ''terrorists'' are as scary and realistic as the ''raptors''  ,  this is so phoney and bad at everything it tries you have to laugh  . the part where the giant t-rex who somehow snuck on board a ship and then somehow got below is blown up and you see the metal pole sticking up where its head was is the perfect ending  . if your into bad films  ,  this is the pot of gold  ,  the mona lisa of b-b-bad  !  !  ! 
i just couldn't stop laughing !  !  this movie is incredibly funny and stupid !  but ,  never mind that ,  it is very entertaining !  in this film ,  you don't need to pay attention to anything !  the acting is the same - lame !  the dinosaurs are the same - rubber  ( oh ,  my i could see the stick that holds t-rex head for a moment .  )  the raptors are the same from the carnosaur 2 ,  t-rex is also the same ,  but .  .  .  in some scenes his head looks kinda stuffed and it looks like some kind of project failure from kindergarten .  action is fast ,  sometimes too fast ,  actually i talk about fast editing ,  they edited it so fast ,  so that we cannot see the rubber dinosaurs ,  but oopps !  to late ,  they are rubber !  well ,  only things interesting here is to see rick dean in this sequel .   what can i say .  .  .  don't rent it .  .  .  watch it on tv ,  with friends ,  it is much more entertaining ! 
nicholas walker is paul ,  the local town reverand who's married to martha  ( ally sheedy )  ,  but also is a habitual womanizer and decides to fake his own death to run away with his current affair ,  veronica  ( dara tomanovich )  .  however in so doing ,  he gets a bout of amnesia  ( hence the name of the film )  .  sally kirkland is also on hand as a crazy old coot who pines for the good reverand in a shades of  " misery "  type of way .  it's sad to see a pretty good cast wasted like this .  not the least bit john savage in a horridly forgettable role as a shoddy private investigator .  in a film billed as a 'black comedy' ,  one has to bring both elements into said movie .  while this does bring the former in spades ,  it sadly contains none of the latter .  furthermore you can't emphasize with any of the characters and as thus ,  have absolutely no vested interest in them .  technically not an all-together bad movie just an extremely forgettable one .   eye candy :  dara tomanovich gets topless ;  sally kirkland also shows some skin   my grade :  c-   where i saw it :  showtime showcase
primal species comes from b movie legend roger corman and as such everybody who watches this needs to realise that this is a low budget b movie and it knows it .   a bunch of terrorists high-jack a lorry and kill an entire army doing so ,  they believe it to hold uranium ,  but no .  .  .  .  .  it contains two dino's with a taste for human flesh .  .  .  then a crack team ,  who might as well be called delta force get called in .   ok ,  this ain't jurassic park ,  and yes the dino's are never clearly seen because it's obviously a guy in a costume that's not too dissimilar to barney the dinosaur - only slightly less terrifying , but come on guys this had about 1% of jurassic park's budget and as such does what it can .   does this deserve to be in the bottom 100 ?  .  .  .  . hell no !  !  !  i think the nearly half of voters who give this a 1 - are being way way overly harsh ,  it's much closer to a 4 .  .  .  it's actually a lot better than a whole host of other movies not in the bottom 100 ,  and has a similar production value to a sci-fi channel production .   ( again movies which get a overly harsh time from critics here on imdb )   the acting is as expected in a b movie although none of the actors take it that seriously ,  neither does the script  all in all it's an enjoyable b movie - not for film snobs  ** out of *****
i don't know where to start ;  the acting ,  the special effects and the writing are all about as bad as you can possibly imagine .  i can't believe that the production staff reached a point where they said ,   " our job is done ,  time for it's release "  .  i'm just glad the first two in the series never made it as far as the uk .  i would actually recommend watching this film just so you can appreciate how well made most films are .   i don't know how any of the other imdb users could find it scary when the  " terrifying "  dinosaurs waddle down corridors with rubber arms flailing around . 
this is one of the most hilariously bad movies i have ever had the privilege to see .   i watched this on dvd with a bunch of friends one friday night and we just couldn't stop laughing from start to finish .   the story is simple enough :  terrorists hijack a convoy they think is carrying weapons grade uranium ,  but it's actually carrying a bunch of man-eating dinosaurs .  easy mistake to make .  cue a startlingly incompetent team of army special forces to tackle the prehistoric beasts .  they are led by colonel rance ,  played by scott valentine ;  a man who seems to have perfected 'smell the fart' acting ,  as advocated by joey in friends .   there's plenty of gore and an awful lot of shooting ,  but unfortunately rance's team seem to have a problem aiming their weapons in the general direction of a horde of giant ,  lumbering monsters .  also ,  the lights always seem to flicker and go out whenever a velociraptor attacks  ( preumably so we can't see how bad the creature effects are )  .   having said all that ,  we all had a great deal of fun betting on who was going to get their head bitten off next .   as a jusassic park / aliens style action adventure this movie stinks worse than a dinosaur's crotch ,  but as ludicrous ,  tongue-in-cheek entertainment it's a roaring success . 
the third installment of the  " carnosaur "  trilogy features a bunch of keystone kops-quality military commandos trying to kill two velociraptors and a t-rex .  i give it a 4 out of sheer sympathy and my affinity for dinosaurs .  the movie is definitely the worst of the trilogy ,  it really can't be taken seriously .  more significantly ,  however ,  watching this movie i can't help but notice some interesting parallels between the  " carnosaur "  and  " xtro "  trilogies .  the first installment in both franchises is a dark ,  disturbing film that has become a cult classic ,  the second is an  " alien "  ripoff ,  and the third is a tongue-in-cheek ,  almost slapstick  ( whether intentional or not )  movie that has you rolling on the floor laughing .  also ,  like the  " xtro "  franchise ,  all the  " carnosaur "  movies are completely unrelated to one another .  they they only carry the franchise name to drum up interest in the  " sequels ,  "  i guess .  obviously  " carnosaur "  and  " xtro "  have two different production groups at work here ,  but if you've seen all three movies of both franchises you find yourself referring back and forth between the two . 
well here i go with another b industry movie .  it's sad enough to see some badly made films but i don't care if a b industry or c industry produces the film .  show some effort in your work .  the characters are really bad .  the acting isn't in question in this one  ( surprise )  ,  but plot is .  how can a tight-knit squad witness two of their fellow soldiers butchered ,  and then go on as if nothing happened .  what sickened me was how the writer even threw in the remaining members a scene where they joke about how nice the doctor's ass was .  give me a break . 
put aside a dr .  house repeat that i had missed ,  and a desperate housewives  ( new )  to watch this one .  i don't know exactly what plagued this movie .  i never thought i'd say this ,  but i want my 15 minutes of fame back .   script ,  direction ,  i can't say .  i recognized the stable of actors  ( the usual suspects )  ,  but thought herbert marshall was a class addition and sat myself down for a good cheesy flick .  boy ,  was i wrong .  dullsville .   my favorite parts :  where the  " office girl "  makes with the 029 keypunch and puts the cards into a 087 sorter .  lol @  " the computer "  .  i'd like someone identify the next device - a 477  ?  it's before even this dinosaur's time .   and we dinosaurs don't have that much time to waste . 
i'm sorry but this is just plain pathetic .  the little girl was a brat ,  their were no enjoyable characters and the plot sucked .  besides it wasn't even a gator as the film would like us to believe .  if you check out any complete guide to reptiles you will find that it really is a crocodile ,  not a gator .  obviously they didn't hire a real animal expert or they would know that the creature is a croc .  it is a sad excuse for a movie .  especially the ending .  i nearly fell asleep with this one . 
not to be confused with lewis teague's  " alligator "   ( 1980 )  which actually is an excellent film ,  this  " il fiume del grande caimano "  laboriously ends the exotic trilogy sergio martino made around the end of the seventies  ( including the rather watchable  " l'isola degli uomini pesce "  and the not so good  " la montagna del dio cannibale "  )  .  tracing outrageously the plot of  " jaws "  ,  the script fails at creating any suspense what so ever .  the creature is ludicrous and its victims are simply despicable .  stelvio cipriani's lame tune poorly illustrates the adventures of these silly tourists presented from the very beginning as the obvious items of the reptile's meal .  no thrill out of this ,  rather laughters actually !  and we could find this pitiful flick quite funny if the dialogs and the appearance of the natives were not so obviously inspired by pure racism .  very soon the giggling stops in favor of a sour feeling witnessing such a patronizing attitude .  we could excuse badly made films and poor fxs ,  but not that kind of mentality .  never ! 
first of all ,  i was expecting  " caged heat "  to be along the same lines as  " ilsa ,  the wicked warden "  .  boy ,  was i wrong !  in no way is this film 70s exploitation ,   " chix in chains "  ,  or  " women in prison "  .  sure ,  the plot consists of a bunch of women in prison ,  who wear street clothes btw  ( quite comical )  ,  but nothing happens .   there aren't strong rivalries ,  no one tries to seduce the warden or doctor in order to try and escape ,  and no inmates make out .  there are 2 shower scenes ,  that i suspect is just recycled footage ,  but no fights breaks out / no one is seduced here - or anywhere for that matter !  aside from the lack of plot ,  unconvincing ,  unsympathetic ,  and flat characters ,  a couple of inmates that do manage to escape actually return to the prison in order to  " free "  their fellow inmates ?  ?  !  !   puh-lease ,  the movie should have just ended off with the escapees riding off into the sunset .  .  . as opposed to letting this mess continue !   i feel scammed . 
very bad film .  very ,  very ,  very bad film .  it's a rarity ,  but it defenitly is not worth hunting down .  this italian jaws rip-off makes little sense most of the time ,  and no sense the rest .  the  " alligator "  is not at all convincing ,  and many of the sub-plots go nowhere .  if it's at the local video store ,  you may want to watch it if you're a fan of monster movies ,  but it's not worth hunting down . 
ok - the cons first :  the obligatory '70's alligator  ( all right ,  correction - caiman )  with nonmoving limbs is made the worse for scale miniature underwater shots  ( with the full length of reptile comparative to the size of the boat )  utilizing a toy alligator being swirled around the toy boat in broadly lit water - even for nighttime shots !   unlike most primitives-killing-exploitative-westerners films ,  the superstitious natives going bat**** and start massacring the vacationers seems unjustified this time .  no one really abused the natives - exploited ,  yes ,  but far from abusive treatment .  after all it was one of the natives  ( canoodling with a spoiled supermodel during a taboo full moon )  that brought the curse of the river demon on them ,  right ?   the vacationers are easily annoying  ( with the notable exception of the token old-soul/mildly blasphemous-little-girl-who-takes-a-shine-to-the-heroes that you often see in 70's euroflicks )  ,  but far from from deserving violent death - unless they were your next door neighbors ,  mind you .  a couple actually get killed being heroic - notable in that none of them fill the role of sidekick .  there are only two straight villains in the entire film ,  so the demises feel more arbitrary than cathartic .   the sequence where the giant caiman crunches down and scarfs thirty tourists in under five minutes will probably strike you as unintentionally hilarious .   the point at which the natives decide not to wipe the surviving westerners and practically saying  " hey ,  you aren't so bad after all ,  sorry about that fuss last night "  - because they blew up the monster lizard - has you shaking your head as the corny music kicks in .  you know ,  the local military dictatorship will wipe out the village for ****ing with the tourist trade after the credits roll .  .  .   the pros :  barbara bach .  barbara bach .  barbara bach .  barbara bach .  you all know why you're interested in this film in the first place ,  right ?  i thought so .  if you're a bach completist ,  get the dvd reissued by noshame films earlier this year  ( digitally remastered with no real extras to speak of ,  aside from the director bemoaning the current state of international film distribution )  .   the hero isn't half bad ,  being far from an idiot  ( always a plus in b films )  and the cynical little kid provides most of the comic relief .   worth a look ,  but get it cheaply ! 
i really do fail to see the actual surplus value of this movie .  it's not bad enough to be hilarious .  there's no sleaze or gratuitous nudity  ( although there was plenty of opportunity )  .  there's no gore .  there's no suspense in the first hour of the movie 'cause there's way to much scenes of tourist having a party and natives playing funky tribal music .  that last part was actually funny on many occasions :  you see these natives hitting congas and 'jembés' and that's indeed what you hear  ( badly synchronized )  on the soundtrack .  but they also added this funky bass-line on the soundtrack .  so ,  where was the bass-player ?  at one point the natives get angry and start killing the tourists .  why all of the sudden ?  it's supposed to be because the evil white men build this tourist complex ,  which according to their myth awakened the wrath of the river-alligator-god  ( i actually missed the explanation for that one )  .  but the natives did help for several months to build the tourist complex ,  so why the sudden angriness ?  and how in the hell did they manage to push the helicopter in the water ?  ?  ?  it's all silly and pointless .  this movie also features the skinniest afro-american model i've ever seen .   at one point our heroic leading couple visits this cave where a weird ,  crazy old man lives .  the only point to that scene is that they make the  " shocking "  discovery that the killer-crocodile is actually an alligator .  crocodile or alligator ,  what's the difference ?  it's big ,  it's made out of plastic and it eats people .  all the same to me .  the alligator is a rather silly creation .  it's very stiff & motionless and doesn't even flap its feet when it swims .  the eyes don't even move when they're shot in close-up .  i guess they didn't know 'animatronics' back then in italy during 1979 .  there's also a lot of pointless inter-cut shots of the local wildlife .  i suspect it's stock footage .   like ,  i said ,  the first hour was pretty lame and the only reason i didn't switch off the movie was because my cat was asleep on my lap and i didn't want to wake the sweet thing .  but the last half hour of the movie did get better .  we finally get to see some action when the alligator swims through a horde of panicking people snapping its teeth and munching on them .  the most entertaining  ( and at the same time funny )  scene is when alice and daniel drive a van over a bridge and it collapses .  we're looking at a matchbox-version of the van falling in the river here .  funny .  but nicely shot .  in fact there are several other nice traveling camera-moves .  surprisingly for this type of flick .  i was gonna point out some stupid details concerning the end of the movie ,  but i don't wanna spoil it completely ,  in case you do decide to watch this movie .  my advice is to stay away from it .  if you wanna see a decent alligator movie ,  then see lewis teague's alligator .  i admit ,  that one isn't italian and isn't a jaws rip-off ,  but it certainly is more fun .  and if you're interested in other movies made by director sergio martino ,  then i strongly recommend the highly entertaining 2019 :  after the fall of new york .  that one's an over-the-top rip-off of every possible existing post-apocalyptic-future-of-doom-movie .   " italians "  and  " rip-offs "  ,  two words that go together very well . 
first off i want to say that this film is worthy of more than the four stars i rated it .  i gave it four stars because for me this 86 minute movie always seems like 2 and a half hours and is not engaging enough to sit through it all .  however ,   " the big alligator river "   ( the title my dvd calls it )  is better than your average nature strikes back movie .   a tourist resort in the jungles of southeast asia is just opening and employs the natives while trying to manipulate the wildlife around .  mother nature seeking revenge comes in the form of the god kroona ,  a giant alligator .  but the creature isn't the only thing the tourists and the main characters  ( a photographer and the resort staff )  have to worry about ,  the natives are getting rubbed the wrong way too .   this movie is a pretty well-done adventure/horror story with a good musical score and direction .  but the alligator itself ,  the main attraction of the movie ,  is obviously fake looking .  some of the close-ups of its jaws are good but that should be all we need to see .  some of the underwater far-away shots make it painfully obvious that what we are really dealing with is an alligator squeaky-toy you can probably get at a zoo souvenir shop .  but the natives are believable ,  if not authentic .   probably not the movie that will give you non-stop thrills ,  if any ,  but shot and produced well enough to be given good mention .  and like a lot of creature movies ,  this one ends with an extremely high body count .  it also has lots of good jungle scenery .  acting is below par though ,  but who was expecting it to be better ,  eh ?    much ,  much better than its recent american counterpart  " primeival "  but nothing to be compared with  " jaws "  .  but remember it may not be engaging at a few points . 
let me start out by saying i can enjoy just about any bad italian horror movie or jungle exploitation flick from the 1970's .  seriously .  this one was downright awful .   there are way too many elements that martino tries to inject and none of them work  ( except for the croc-gone-wild thing )  very well at all .  there are some ignorant westerners ,  of course ,  who set up a resort in the jungle somewhere .  i don't even remember where it takes place .  .  . how sad is that .  .  .  basically ,  people come to the resort to see this native tribe and its' ceremonies but eventually they upset the 'alligator god' of the river who then proceeds to go on a rampage ,  killing said vacationers and some tribesmen as well .  sounds good ,  yeah ?  well ,  don't get your hopes up .  there is minimal violence until the end ,  the special effects are so bad it was like a kindergarten class performed them and the love story thrown in is laughable .   there is seriously a few scenes where it appears they set up a camera underwater in a pool and threw a toy alligator ,  like a dart ,  into the water and that is supposed to be the gator attacking .  i'm not kidding .  in another wonderfully crafted special effect ,  a matchbox van is targeted by the incredible sinking plastic gator ,  who all of a sudden is five times the size of a van .   ( a few minutes ago ,  he was only big enough to eat a human ,  but now he dwarfs a full-size cargo van .  .  .  )  it is really pathetic .  the only other flick i can think of where the effects were so bad i was pulled out of the story was bruno mattei's masterpiece ,   " rats ,  "  what with the plastic rats on the conveyor belt and all who couldn't be terrified .   normally i'd say anything sergio martino was a solid must-see but this one is a must-pass .  waste of time and definitely not worth buying for the $15+ sticker price from no shame .  this one is a shame .   2 out of 10 ,  kids . 
this one is bad .  a really bad and boring crime movie that has nothing out of the ordinary in it .  a series of crimes ,  the killer that you do not see throughout the whole movie ,  the classic investigations .  and also the classic tale about a cop who figures out what's going on and isn't believed by anyone ,  so he has to fight by himself to reveal the truth .  not too much in this one .  vote :  4 out of 10 . 
this is a thriller with a good concept ,  good acting ,  good photography and good intentions all around ,  but which is confused and disjointed in execution .   garcia stars as john berlin ,  an l . a .  forensic detective who has moved to a small california town at the behest of a friend of his on the force there .  he soon becomes involved in the investigation of an unsolved murder which leads to his theorizing about the existence of a serial killer whom no one else believes in .  the known victim is theorized to be blind ,  which leads to a romance with a blind girl - believed to be a witness - at a nearby school for the blind .   despite a basically intriguing story there were too many quantum leaps and plot holes in this movie where i found myself wondering ,  'how the hell did we wind up here ? ' or 'how did we find this out ? ' i found it confusing and disjointed ,  despite the good acting ,  etc .  john malkovich has a small part toward the end as an f . b . i .  investigator out to get berlin .   not recommended . 
the thing that stands out in my mind in this film  ( sadly )  is the introduction ,  where john berlin  ( andy garcia )  is driving into town .  you see his mercedes pass on a winding road through a forest that looks like its loaded with redwood trees .  it's quite beautiful .    as to andy garcia playing a character with the last name of berlin ,  well .  .  . andy is just too hispanic/latin for it to be passable .  maybe a caucasian father married his spanish mother for this story ?  who knows .  but i can tell you that when you put him in a town of farm folks and hicks ,  he stands out like a sore thumb ,  especially with his accent that flares up when he gets angry .  yeah ,  i know ,  big deal right ?  he's still a good actor .   the title concerns a serial killer who nicknames his victims jennifer .  all of the victims are blind and he dismembers them .  the killer has taken a hiatus but suddenly resurfaces when a blind witness  ( don't ask )  appears ,  helena robertson  ( uma thurman )  .  thurman does a good job of playing a blind person ,  to my surprise .  when i saw lance henriksen playing sgt .  freddy ross i got worried .  henriksen's played in some pretty strange films ,  especially of late .  i still can't forget him in the bloodbath movie ,  pumpkinhead .    berlin movies into a small town from l . a .  as a detective .  he begins investigating the jennifer murders after finding body parts in the local landfill .  his brilliance in discovering one of the victims was blind seemed far-fetched .  so did the irony of *spoiler* freddy's murder ,  with the recording and name similarities .  i got very confused as to the logic of how there came to be eight  " jennifers "  .  and the motive of the killer as simply deranged didn't pack much of a punch .  in retrospect ,  this film is probably more true to life in showing an unsuspecting individual as capable of murder simply because they became a little wacko over time or maybe were born looney toons .   john malkovich does a stupendous job in his interrogation of garcia !  albeit no cop would legally be allowed to press someone that hard and egg them on without rightfully get knocked out .  as to the ending ,  it is a bit of a surprise ,  but is highly arguable ,  much like sgt .  ross' murder .  the killer chooses to walk after his running victim ,  opting instead to frolick i guess .   and there are so many opportunities he has in killing her that it's ridiculous .  i won't ruin the very end because despite it's shakiness ,  it's a good surprise .  afterward though ,  you'll probably say ,  as i did ,   " boy was she lucky !  "  4/10
the lowest score possible is one star ?  that's a shame .  really ,  i'm going to lobby imdb for a  " zero stars "  option .  to give this film even a single star is giving way too much .  am i the only one who noticed the microphones dangling over hopper's head at the station ?  and the acting ,  or should i say the lack thereof ?  apparently talent wasn't a factor when the casting director came to town .  my little sister's elementary school talent show provides greater range and depth of emotion .  and those fake irish accents were like nails on a chalk board .  the only thing that could have made this movie worse would have been .  .  . oh ,  wait ,  no , no ,  it's already as bad as it can get . 
an executive ,  very successful in his professional life but very unable in his familiar life ,  meets a boy with down syndrome ,  escaped from a residence  .  both characters feel very alone ,  and the apparently less intelligent one will show to the executive the beauty of the small things in life .  .  .  with this argument ,  the somehow amelie-like atmosphere and the sentimental music ,  i didn't expect but a moralistic disgusting movie .  anyway ,  as there were some interesting scenes  ( the boy is sometimes quite a violent guy )  ,  and the interpretation of both actors ,  daniel auteil and pasqal duquenne ,  was very good ,  i decided to go on watching the movie .  the french cinema ,  in general ,  has the ability of showing something that seems quite much to life ,  opposed to the more stereotyped american cinema .  but ,  because of that ,  it is much more disappointing to see after the absurd ending ,  with the impossible death of the boy ,  the charming tone ,  the happiness of the executive's family ,  the cheap moral ,  the unbearable laughter of the daughters ,  the guy waving from heaven as michael landon .  .  .  really nasty ,  in my humble opinion . 
the plot is about the death of little children .  hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings .  during the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter .  in the end the serial killer get caught .  that's it .  but before you find out who dunnit ,  you have to see some terrible acting by all of the actors .  it is unbelievable how bad these actors are ,  including hopper .  i could go on like this but that to much of a waste of my time .  just don't watch the movie .  i've warned you . 
***possible plot spoilers***  i adore dennis hopper .  i question why he accepted the role of a police detective in 2000's the spreading ground .  this movie flat out sucks and i'm about to tell you why .   this is about a small town which is about to get a contract for a sports arena .  one hitch :  there's a killer on the loose and that is bad for business .  the mayor makes a deal with the irish mob to find the killer and make sure he never makes it to court .  det .  ed delongpre has other plans .  he wants this guy caught too ,  but he's on the level and believes in the system .  he wants to see the system do it's job .   that could have been pretty good .  it could have been riveting .  it was horrible .  first ,  they label this guy a serial killer .  err no .  there are specific criteria and none of it fits here .  the bad guy has killed 5 kids the first day ,  and i think it was 2 the second day .  this entire movie spans like a 48 hour time period .  .  .  .  hardly serial killer action .  i don't care what warped motives they give him in the end ,  serial killers do their deed over a long time span .  they do not just all of a sudden kill 7 kids in two days .  that's a spree .   ok that irritant aside ,  the acting was atrocious .  the only name here was hopper ,  and he's the only one who came even close to pulling off his part .  unfortunately ,  he's kinda type-cast to me and i think he does psycho parts much ,  much better .  this just wasn't a good vehicle for hopper .  it didn't allow him to do what he does best ,  which is to act all creepy .  it's not that he did bad ,  it's that i've seen him do so much better .   the irish mob guy ,  johnny gault  ( tom mccamus - long day's journey into night )  ,  who is in charge of their investigation is just over the top stiff .  contradiction ?  not really .  he is trying to play the cold ,  hard kinda guy and he does that to the point that the character is just wooden .  boring to the max .  he didn't scare me .  he didn't inspire any emotion at all except boredom .  i cannot tell you how many times i checked to see how much longer it was til the end of this movie .   the other thing about this is that it had the feel of a made-for-tv movie .  you know what i mean .  the poor production values ,  low budget ,  re-use of scenes to save costs .  just eh .  yanno ?  but ,  i feel like comparing this to those is an insult to those .   derek vanlint was both the director and cinematographer on this project .  he bit off more than he could chew .  i can't help feeling that hopper must have took this role as a personal favor to a friend .  that's the only rational i can come up with .  this was vanlint's first job as director ,  third as cinematographer .  hopefully this was a learning experience for him .   i won't ruin the ending in case you do decide to torture yourself with this one ,  but i do want to say that they all dropped the ball here .  .  . even hopper .  in a scene that should have been emotionally gut-wrenching for the detective ,  it was just .  . well .  .  blah .  i didn't see any of the angst at all that would accompany the total gear-change this guy made .  very disappointing .   this 100 grueling minutes long and rated r for violence and language .  no kid under 13 is going to have any interest whatsoever in watching this ,  so no worries there .  it's not suitable for anyone anyway .  heh .   skip this one .  you'll thank me later . 
maybe i've seen one too many crime flick ,  or maybe i don't take the right drugs .   this was the most cliché ridden ,  plot deficient ,  plot-absurd ,  just plain stupid movie i have seen in a long time .   as for the direction ,  it looks like it took less time to show this than it did to put it together .   in fact it looks like to made it straight to video before it was completed .   it's a bad rip off of  " m "  the classic fritz lang film starring peter lorre .  you'd be so much better off renting that instead . 
this movie kinda let me down .  it seemed a lot like the movie jaws when the hopper was telling the mayor to close parks was like when roy shider was telling the mayor to close the beaches .  they both said no way its summer !  but the box says hopper has to get into the mind of a killer and think like one .  but he really doesn't do anything too interesting or exciting .  i'm not even a little convinced he and his partner have any experience doing police work when they are in the office wondering how they are gonna solve this case .  they just say lets do police work and we'll solve it .  and whats up with all the old men with pool cues .  i didn't even begin to believe that they were mob bosses .  and then the guy who was doubting the guy the mob picked to handle finding the killer .  with his hundred dollar haircut and that he thinks his di@k is the size of a schoolbus .  come on what cruddy lines .  i thought he was gonna hit him with a baseball bat like in the other movies .  i got this movie used and wouldn't buy it new .  i suggest you skip this movie .  oh and it was funny seeing the microphone above the scene where hopper is going out to get coffee . 
the movie had a good concept ,  but the execution just didn't live up to it .   what is this concept ?  well ,  story-wise ,  it's  " dirty harry "  meets  " m "  .  a child killer has begun terrorizing a city .  the lead detectives  ( dennis hopper and frederic forest )  have never dealt with a serial killer before .  the mayor and the police chief ,  in desperation ,  secretly hire the local mob to speed things up .  .  . to go places and do things that the police wouldn't be able to in order to bring an end to this mess as soon as possible .   to be fair ,  this film does genuinely have some good things to offer .   besides the concept ,  i liked the look of the killer's hideout .  norman bates has his basement .  this guy has an eerie sewer .  in some of the shots ,  the light bounces off the water and creates rippling reflections on the walls ;  often giving these scenes a creepy ,  dreamlike quality .   the acting was good too .  dennis hopper is one of those actors who gets better with age .   once you get past that ,  however ,  it more-or-less goes downhill .   the film is paced way too fast .  the actual investigation process from both teams feels very rushed as opposed to feeling intricate and fascinating .  this could have been fixed in two ways :  either make the film longer or cut out some of the many subplots .  either of these would have allowed the crew to devote more time to the actual mystery .   for an example of how bad this is ,  one of the crucial clues that helps them zero in on just the right suspect is this :  at one point in his life ,  the suspect went to a pet shop .  .  . that's right .  .  . i'm being totally serious here .  it's like they went from point a  ( the first clue )  to point z  ( the suspect )  and skipped over all the  " in-between "  steps .   then there's the characters .  the only ones i actually liked were two pick-pockets you meet about half-way through the movie .  considering that they're minor characters ,  i'd call that a bad sign .   finally ,  there's the mob angle .  this is the one that gets me the most because this is why i coughed up the $3 to buy the dvd in the first place .  i mean ,  what a hook !  there's been an absolute glut of serial killer flicks in the last 10-15 years .  the mob angle was a gimmick that could have helped it rise above the rest .  .  .  ,  but it didn't .   i figured the gangsters's methods would be brutal ,  but fun and thrilling at the same time ;  kind of like a vigilante movie or something .  .  . maybe they'd even throw in some heist movie elements too .  we are talking about criminals ,  after all .  instead ,  we're given some of the most repulsive protagonists committed to celluloid .  the detectives question witnesses .  what does the mob do ?  they interrogate and kill them .  it's not even like these witnesses are really even that bad either .  i actually found the criminals less likable than the killer they're hunting .   unless the good points i mentioned are enough to get your interest ,  i'd say give this one a miss .  maybe some day ,  they'll reuse the same story idea and do it right .  i hope so .  i hate to see such a good concept go to waste . 
dennis hopper is without a doubt one of the finest underrated american actors of our time ,  and it was interesting to see how he would play out his role as a cop on the case of a child serial killer .  most movies hopper has always played to psychotic menace threatening to blow up stuff or go on a killing spree ,  but in this movie ,  hopper tried his best to keep that intensity and emotion while carrying a shield .  once i got into the plot of the movie ,  i was hooked ,  but it's just the little things that ultimately murdered the film .   the concept of the film is great - not only are the cops on the move of catching the killer ,  but we get a chance to see how the gangsters operate in catching the killer .  the subplot of the football stadium is kinda ridiculous ,  but necessary to involve the gangsters in the killer hunt .   that's about all that is good you can say about the film .  although hopper did try to act like a tough ,  experienced street smart cop ,  i can't help but feel his acting was below par ,  and there wasn't enough conviction that he was truly attached to the case .  the directing was also terrible - it didn't have the feel of a true film ,  but rather a tv-movie production .  this is most evident when the gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to hunt the killer down .  when the leading gangster shoots the other mouthy gangster in slow motion ,  the acting was weak ,  predictable and terribly unexciting .  that's when i knew that 1st of all ,  the action is going to be atrocious .   the angling of the camera was amateurish ,  and the recalling scenes or haunting images of the killer's little sister had no true distinctive effect .  if it was supposed to be scary ,  it wasn't .  everyone's acting was terrible ,  and even for hopper ,  i didn't feel for his character ,  and i just didn't really care too much about his relationship with his daughter .   the final thing that bothered me the most is the swat team .  once i saw the swat team in action ,  i was thinking ,  finally ,  something good .  but i was wrong .  1st of all ,  the entire swat team consisted of 4 guys .  that is just impossible .  2nd of all ,  apparently the swat team has no training whatsoever because many times in the film they carry their hka4 submachine guns with one hand .  had the killer been hiding near the staircase with a shotgun ,  these 4 idiots would've been blown to bits because they weren't even aiming at anything or paying close attention .  they should have had both hands on the gun aiming forward ,  but it just looks like they're not taking the job seriously and are just flaunting around .  3rd ,  swat team members do not yell out commands such as  " keep your eyes open ,  watch out for yourselves ,  are we good to go .  .  . etc .  "  in reality ,  they use hand signals or have radios .  but they're literally yelling at each other - how are you supposed to catch the killer when he can hear you're coming ?  ?  ?  and to top it all off ,  these guys have no plan - apparently they're just running up and down going on a wild turkey chase .  eventually they end up doing nothing .  that was the last straw .  i'm no expert on special forces ,  but basically what i've just outlined ,  is pretty common sense .  when the audience knows the movie is terrible ,  the action pretty much becomes the life-saver of the movie - when you can't even make an effort to make the action great ,  the movie is lost .   i give 2 stars for the concept ,  but the rest cannot be credited .  if you want to watch a crime thriller ,  don't bother with this one .  there's plenty of crime in the movie - but it has the lack of thrill . 
very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check .  a veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check .  mafia guys that while criminals ,  want to do something good vigilante style - check .  a sociopath and loyal mafia guy not hesitant to kill people to make an example - check .  cops' methods being less effective than the mafia guy's brutal yet very effective methods - check .  a corrupt cop tying the authority ,  the criminals and the police together - check .   slow motion and/or jerky frame rates for showing what the actor's reaction can't - check .  a serial killer whose background is explained in far too much detail ,  esp .  using childhood abuse as the reason for everything - check .  a child spree killer that is very ,  very non-menacing - check .  foreshadowing of the veteran cop's moral values not being what the killer deserves in the movie's and the majority of characters' opinion - check .  morally ambiguous and predictable ending thanks to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop's coming to terms he should submit to the vigilante attitude of the majority of the characters - check .   recently saw this on tv and decided to endure it because it had dennis hopper in it and i could not sleep - check .  realized that was a mistake and should just have stared at the ceiling - check . 
the best thing about this movie was ,  uh ,  well ,  i can't think of anything .  this was bad .  the script was especially bad .  the technical concepts were bad .  the  " suspenseful "  plot was bad .  the dialog was bad .  avoid at all costs .  do not rent .  do not watch .  you'll be sorry . 
my friends and i rented that movie last night and we had one of the greatest laughs in awhile .  the movie is not supposed to be funny at all ,  but it is just so ridiculous and it lacks any realism whatsoever .  first ,  phillippe  ( i forget what his character is called and i don't really care )  uses his regular employee id to go through all the top-security terminals .  not only is that pathetic but it gets topped when his enormous efforts culminate in his finding the so-scary lego-room ,  which hosts the super computers .  this is plain funny .  the tense mood that we are supposed to experience is completely spoilt by the childish looking room .  the ending ,  like all else ,  is very very very cheesy ,  especially when the bad guy's lawyer shows up 'right on time' .  anyway ,  this movie is a good laugh .  if you need something to make fun of ,  definitely see it . 
five minutes into this movie you realize that you have seen it all before .  it is boiler room .  it is the firm .  and it is the devils advocate .  and there are no new elements here .  except for the all-to-clear bill gates-allegory .  conpsiracies are always good stuff for movie-making ,  but why does it have to be so extreme  ?  boiler room is a good movie ,  because it - for a while at least - seems realistic .  in antitrust everything is wrong .  how realistic is it for example that your boss pay an impostor to be your girlfriend in order to make you work harder and control you  ?  i'd give it 1 ,  but the soundtrack is ok ,  so 2/10 . 
long ,  boring ,  blasphemous .  never have i been so glad to see ending credits roll . 
after seeing the trailer of this film in the cinema ,  i thought that it was an original concept for a thriller ,  setting it in the competitive world of computer companies .  the all star cast was another message that this film would probably be good .  but when i didn't go to watch it in it's first week of release then it disappeared by week 2 i feared something was a miss .  patiently i waited for it's dvd release ,  then bought it rushing home for an enjoyable evening's viewing .  the anticipation on the way home was far better than the film .  for a start the direction is appalling .  there's no thought gone into it at all and the director just makes up a part for himself ,  so he can appear in the film .  i wouldn't be rushing out to employ him in the future .  secondly the lead role is completely miscast as ryan phillipe .  phillipe normally the cool character as in cruel intentions and way of the gun but in this he's supposed to be a bumbling hero which he attempts to portray by slipping when he's running and having geeky friends ,  but he just doesn't look right .  the female stars ,  rachel leigh cook and clare forlani don't feature enough but when they do neither of the performances are close to their bests .  the only highlight of the film is tim robbins in a role that could have been made for him and it's his fiery temper and mysterious ways that drag the film along .  the final point is that this film is another one which fills the trailer with scenes you don't see in the film and instead feature only in the deleted scenes section of the dvd .  causing even more disappointment as although some of these scenes are crude they do fill in important gaps in the story . 
antitrust falls right into that category of films that aspire to make some great point while being uplifting yet falls completely flat .  i don't hate the film ,  but it is missing key elements ,  such as suspense .  there have been other attempts to make an engaging film about computers ,  such as hackers and the net .  they all fall short .  the improbable ending of both the net and antirust seem to be nearly identical .  these movie endings suffer from one huge error in perception :  people in the pc business having this over-indulgent self ego that assumes the general population lives it's life waiting to hear the latest news about pc's and software .  i have worked for many companies and industries ,  and they all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own self-importance ,  as does this film .   the way they introduced plot lines was pathetic .  showing milo ,  who is deathly allergic to sesame seeds ,  almost ingest one from a restaurant breadbasket crossed the line of stupidity .  only his 'girlfriend' prevented him from sure death .  this makes one wonder how milo could have survived as long as he did ,  braving the perils of big mac buns and sesame seed breadsticks ,  as they cloak themselves as ,  well .  .  .  .  sesame seed breadsticks and big mac buns .   antitrust also doesn't provide much suspense .  the patterned and predictable plot twists are easily figured out long before they are revealed  ( come on ,  was anyone really stunned when yee jee tso was killed ?  )  ,  thereby destroying any real shock value .  and here again we have yet another film/story where at the end ,  the bad guys are chasing the good guys to 'get the disk' .  we need to have a moratorium on this simple simon plot line for about 20 years .  still ,  i pressed on .  maybe the ending would be the payoff ,  but no .  the completely ridiculous ending where we have the head of company security ,  another supposed evil guy ,  turn around and be the good guy that enables milo to bring down n . u . r . v ceo gary winston was laughable .  and of course ,  the news coverage of the arrest of gary winston is more fevered than when hinckley or oswald was brought into custody .  gary winston ,  played by tim robbins ,  is a cardboard cutout of the same character robbins played in arlington road .  but that fits perfectly here in antitrust ,  which should be called 'anticlimactic' or 'anti-original' .   in the years to come ,  this film will likely be banished ,  to be shown only on your local third rate uhf channel . 
i sort of accidentally ended up watching this movie .  i'm still not sure if i regret it or not .  i felt like i was watching the film made by that group of film school students that didn't quite make the cut .  it plays up every hollywood cliché imaginable ,  all the while flogging us with the 'corporations are the ultimate evil' message .  subtlety this movie does not know .  as far as that goes ,  it even manages to provide it's own spoilers .   the story appears to be a computer nerd's fantasy world come true .  the lead character is an attractive teenage boy with a girlfriend ,  yet is a programming genius and apparent hacker  ( i think )  ,  among many other nerd-fantasy-come-true elements that you'll have to see for yourself .   as well ,  i should've known it would be a z-movie when i saw ned bellamy .  .  .  he tends to be a good tip-off .   can't recommend this one ,  i'm afraid . 
one more of extremely unprofessional movies about computer programmers .   looks authors of that movie don't know real specific of programmers world .   20 top programmers in the world ,  program which have own satellites  ( for what ?  )  ,  program which using satellite freq .  ,  somebody kill somebody to steal the codes  ( why ?  )  and much more of stupid moments at this movie .   peoples who not programmers not will see something awful at that movie ,  because not professionals on this .  but peoples will see not real things .   programmers will find that movie odd and awful - because lots of moments inside movie is not related real life  ( why movie not scifi in this case ?  )  . 
obvious attack on microsoft made by people who don't appear to understand intellectual property or market economies generally .   loony liberal tim robbins plays a painfully obvious caricature of bill gates ,  and is a cartoonish corporate villain ordering murders right and left .   while microsoft may engage in some anticompetitive activity at times ,  it's unlikely they actually murder people .  therefore ,  the film is over the top and ridiculous from the beginning .   the  " deeper "  point is apparently that major tech innovations should be free to the public ,  and not subject to intellectual property laws .  however ,  this ignores the fact that most major innovations would never have been developed if not for the market incentives  ( and rewards )  provided by intellectual property .   it's one thing to be opposed to anti-competitive conduct -- that's common sense .  it's quite another to be opposed to market competition in the first place ,  which is what the film's mantra  (  " knowledge belongs to mankind "  )  represents .   yet another example of hollywood being completely out of touch with reality . 
antitrust could have been a great vehicle for rachael leigh cook ,  but the director cut out her best scenes .  in the scenes that she are in ,  she is just a zombie .  she is involved in a sub-plot that is simular to a sub-plot in  " get carter "  ,  but she handles the sub-plot better in  " get carter "  .  ( i blame the director )  the director's homage to hitchcock was corny .   ( it's the scene were ryan philippe's charactor realizes he may not be able to trust tim robbin's charactor ,  at least i think it's a homage to hitchcock .  the dvd shows the scenes that were cut out .  i think the director should have trust his instincts and not listen to the test audiences . 
it was interesting to see how accurate the writing was on the geek buzz words ,  yet very naive on the corporate world .  the justice department would catch more of the big corp giants if they did such naive things to win .  the real corporate world is much more subtle and interesting ,  yet every bit as sinister .  i seriously doubt any corp would actually kill someone directly ;  even the mod is more indirect these days .  in the real world ,  they do kill people with nicotine ,  pollution ,  additives ,  poisons ,  etc .  this movie must have been developed by some garage geeks ,  i think ,  and the studios didn't know the difference .  they just wanted something to capitalize on the microsoft antitrust case in the news . 
a terrible movie as everyone has said .  what made me laugh was the cameo appearance by scott mcnealy ,  giving an award to one of the murdered programmers in front of a wall of sun logos .  mcnealy is the ceo of sun microsystem ,  a company that practically defines itself by its hatred of microsoft .  they have been instrumental in filing antitrust complaints against microsoft .  so ,  were they silly enough to think this bad movie would add fuel to that fire ?   there's no public record i see of sun's involvement ,  but clearly the makers of this movie know scott mcnealy .  an interesting mystery . 
i have read all of the love come softly books .  knowing full well that movies can not use all aspects of the book , but generally they at least have the main point of the book .  i was highly disappointed in this movie .  the only thing that they have in this movie that is in the book is that missy's father comes to visit ,  ( although in the book both parents come )  .  that is all .  the story line was so twisted and far fetch and yes ,  sad ,  from the book ,  that i just couldn't enjoy it .  even if i didn't read the book it was too sad .  i do know that pioneer life was rough , but the whole movie was a downer .  the rating is for having the same family orientation of the film that makes them great . 
aldolpho  ( steve buscemi )  ,  an aspiring film maker ,  lives in a battered nyc apartment and relies on his mother to help make the rent .  he has a beautiful neighbor named angelica  ( jennifer beals ) who may or may not be married but who aldolpho would love to star in his movie .  when al unexpectedly gets a financial promise of funding for his film from a strange man named joe ,  he thinks he's got it made .  that is ,  until joe takes al along on an adventure to steal a porsche for part of the financial backing .  will the film be made before aldolpho is completely without a moral backbone ?  and ,  will angelica star in the film ?  this is ,  in this viewer's opinion ,  an awful movie .  the script is abysmal ,  with a plot that wanders willy nilly .  beals practically snarls all of her lines and buscemi ,  though likable ,  is nondescript .  there is a good deal of distasteful material and unsavory characters to boot .  finally ,  the production values are very poor ,  too ,  making the film look second rate at all times .  if you have time on your hands ,  it is still a good idea not to take a chance with this movie .  but ,  if you are the proverbial glutton for punishment ,  go ahead and watch the darn thing .  beals does look beautiful ,  after all . 
how disney can you get ?  preppy rich girls act like idiots ,  buy a bunch of stuff ,  and get taught a lesson .  is disney trying to send a lesson to itself ?  that maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human ?  whatever the psycho-analysis ,  this movie sucked .   the girls want a rich party for their rich lives .  but then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant  ( yes ,  milk )  going to employ the workers .  they keep it afloat until daddy comes home .  and the man at the beginning ,  who appears to be the one that takes the money ,  is the one .  but the ending is dumb .  webcam in the cayman islands ?  huh ?  not worth my time ever again .    but it is better than howl's moving castle .   " d- " 
i watched this movie really late last night and usually if it's late then i'm pretty forgiving of movies .  although i tried ,  i just could not stand this movie at all ,  it kept getting worse and worse as the movie went on .  although i know it's suppose to be a comedy but i didn't find it very funny .  it was also an especially unrealistic ,  and jaded portrayal of rural life .  in case this is what any of you think country life is like ,  it's definitely not .  i do have to agree that some of the guy cast members were cute ,  but the french guy was really fake .  i do have to agree that it tried to have a good lesson in the story ,  but overall my recommendation is that no one over 8 watch it ,  it's just too annoying . 
this movie kind of reminds me of a mary-kate and ashley movie-only worse .  just the rich sisters kind of thing i think even though alysons more the actress ,  in this movie amanda michalka was okay sometimes but alysons acting stunk .  i think that after high-school musical they needed to come up with somethihng better and this definitely wasn't it .  the story line wasn't that great and i think they should have gotten two other people to play taylor and courtney .  i'm not a big alyson michalka fan and this movie didn't make me like her any better .  i think they should definitely sick to singing and only watch this movie if you have nothing better to do  ( which sadly i didn't ) 
this movie is truly awful .  after seeing the advertisement for it ,  i thought it could have its charms  .  .  .  but it didn't . the girls cannot act ,  and they cannot sing either .  the soundtrack to this movie is full of their songs ,  and its not a pretty sight ,  terrible story line ,  unbelievable plot ,  its one of disney's worst movies by far !  .  ally is not a bad actress on  " phil of the future "  ,  so i don't know what happened in  " cow belles "  .  and her sister ,  aj ,  seems to be just hitching a ride on her sisters  " fame "  ,  and she displays no talent what so ever .   at the end of the movie the girls do finally learn some cliché morals ,  but this is to late to rescue this train wreck movie .   awful
when i sat down to watch this film i actually expected quite a bit ,  as the plot takes on quite complex issues .  using football as launching pad for the complication also was an interesting approach .  still unfortunately ,  despite its bravery of dealing with controversial issues as culture clashes between muslim and western culture ,  adding generation conflicts and prejudice towards gays/lesbians ,  it lets you down towards the resolution with a rather simplistic relief to all the suspense built up throughout the film .  this leads me to the impression that the makers took on a little too big a task for themselves to tackle ,  attempting to be more profound then they managed to deal with .   however ,  this does not mean that the film is directly bad ,  as it's rendering of the conflicts where quite believable and also amusing .  the film succeeds in being engaging and entertaining in this matter ,  but as mentioned above the writers seem to have spun themselves a little too deep .  this has led to some quite unrealistic character behaviour towards the end to confront the surging conflicts .  by this dropping the ball at a time where the makers could really have shown brilliance taking the film to another level of appreciation .   even if the film does at no point really attempt to be a profound piece of drama ,  the setting has so much potential in the plot it becomes a disappointment when  " the ball drops "  .  this way the film moves from being a good and reflected comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy-ending .  nothing is left out in the hollywood like ending .  so even if the story is engaging and one can stomach the large amount of montages ,  one can't help but roll eyes towards the resolution .  personally i was close to shouting  " finish already !  !  "  at the screen .   there were some decent acting in the film ,  and the two young female central characters had some good moments .  so did their parents and other bi-characters .  however the handsome irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting ,  that lets the film down quite a bit in terms of realism .  he didn't even appear very likable ,  but rather self involved despite his good deeds ,  which makes the impending conflict between the girls seem a little strained .   i give the film a 4 ,  as it was an engaging story and they sought out a nice perspective to approach the subject from .  the script and cast had many good believable characters ,  giving the audience a chance to recognise either themselves or others .  had the let-downs not been this disappointing ,  i'd easily give the film a 7 or 8 .  if you enjoyed this film ,  i'd recommend the film  " east is east "  ,  which i think is an as good ,  if not better rendering of cultural conflict ,  as well as being amusing and engaging . 
this movie was terrible to say the least .  i was hoping for a lot better after seeing  " high school musical "  .  the whole entire movie was a complete rip off of  " the simple life "  ,  only it wasn't a reality show .   the acting was not good at all .  amanda michalka had her moments ,  when she wasn't that terrible .  on the other hand alyson michalka was bad all the way through .  chris gallinger ,  who played the love interest of amanda was playing a french guy ,  but had an awful accent .  one good thing about this movie was the completely adorable michael trevino ,  who played alyson's love interest .  just something to keep in mind ,  if this movie had been aired before  " high school musical "  it probably would not have seemed as bad .  but it was no comparison .   overall i give it a 2 . 
russell hopton acted in many films until his death in 1945 .  he only directed 2 and  " black gold "  was one ,   ( the other was also from 1936 )  .  frankie darro had a sometimes abrasive screen presence but in this he was playing a good kid .  he was obviously quite popular on the  " quickie "  circuit - he made so many films .  in this one he plays the son of an old oil rigger who is convinced that he will strike oil very soon .   j . c .  anderson  ( berton churchill )  is trying to convince the old man to sell up as he knows there is going to be oil struck at any moment .  a geologist ,  henry ,  comes on the scene and helps  " fishtail's "  dad .  he also convinces  " fishtail "  to go to school regularly .  henry has his eye on cynthia ,  the pretty teacher .  this was gloria shea's last film - she had begun her career as olive shea in  " glorifying the american girl "   ( 1929 )  .   " fishtail's "  dad is killed when the rig is sabotaged and henry is determined to bring anderson and his cronies to justice .  when henry is kidnapped anderson tries to persuade  " fishtail "  to sell his oil lease .  it all ends well with oil being struck and  " fishtail "  going to military school .   it is okay for a rainy day . 
ostensibly a film that predicts the coming trends in british popular music ,  it's wrong on so many fronts that it's laughable .  tommy quickly ?  the honeycombs ?  the movie does include a song by the spencer davis group ,  two by the animals ,  and one tacked on live film of the beatles doing their live version of twist and shout  ( all 1 : 20 )  .  but all in all ,  an awkward display of british music circa 1964 .  oh ,  and herman's hermits . 
not a movie ,  but a lip synched collection of performances from acts that were part of the british invasion ,  that followed the dynamic entrance of the beatles to the music world .  some of these acts did not make a big splash on this side of the pond ,  but a lot of them did .  featured are :  herman's hermits ,  billy j .  kramer and the dakotas ,  peter and gordon ,  honeycombs ,  nashville teens ,  animals ,  and of course , the beatles .   it is so much fun watching these young acts before they honed and polished their acts . 
why ?  why did they make this movie ?  if timothy olyphant wasn't shirtless in it several times ,  there would be absolutely no reason to watch this movie ,  ever .  um .  .  . plot ?  nope .  well-defined characters ?  nope .  the only time i laughed was when my boyfriend made fun of the whole she-bang .  p . s .  andy dick ?  nope . 
this film concerns purportedly non-establishment types  ( aesthetically and sexually )  who apparently cannot resist basic romantic needs .  although some excellent players take part ,  including jon tenney ,  timothy olyphant ,  and cynthia nixon ,  they are grounded by a puerile script which relies nearly totally upon clever dialogue ;  which isn't .  nixon's role possesses the best lines ,  but she often homes in on them too quickly ,  a timing flaw which must be saddled upon the director .  the grotesque climax utilizes every available cliche ,  spent or not ,  and fittingly ends this drab attempt at comedy . 
my girlfriend has the habit of going to blockbuster and choosing movies no-one has ever heard anything about .  admittedly ,  at times ,  it has led to some fun discoveries .  often times ,  the best that can be said is they definitely run an hour and a half .   she brought home  " advice from a caterpillar .  "  she was excited because the box said it was funny .  lucky for us ,  the propaganda on the boxes never lie .   this movie was an exercise in patience .  this is one of those movies where ,  unless you are a pretentious and shallow person who likes watching movies about yourself ,  you will hate every character in the movie .  until the introduction of the one nice character .  which the lead annoying pretentious character will fall in love with and act in such a way that ,  in the real world ,  would drive anyone away .   mild spoilers from here on  so a bunch of emotionally vapid ,  stuck-up ,  pretentious artists swear off love and find success in their careers .  then ,  they meet a nice ,  intelligent ,  emotionally mature and loving character  ( an almost perfect guy )  .  we then watch the woman ,  the annoyingly pretentious artist  ( in her 30's ?  )  freak out as she falls in love .  so she tries to flee from the nice ,  intelligent ,  emotionally mature man and stay with the married man with whom she's been having great but empty sex .  she is rude to the man and does everything in her power to drive him away .  in the real world ,  she would have been quite successful .  i certainly wanted to flee from her and i wasn't even in a relationship with her !   although its nice that the man 'fought for his love' ,  i never wanted her to have him .   ( nor did my girlfriend )  she didn't deserve him .  and ,  why i wonder ,  did the director think that the 'almost perfect guy' should be punished by having to win a relationship with her ?  when the artist was asking the 'almost perfect guy' to leave ,  we were screaming for him to leave too .  there's a problem with a movie when the heroine of the film is so annoying ,  childish and stupid that you want her to fail .   beyond that ,  let me say that andy dick made me laugh a few times even though his character was also pretentious to the point of annoyance .  regarding the other characters ,  they were well acted ,  morally bankrupt and annoying characters .   it is a comedy and i can say i did laugh a few times in the film .  unfortunately ,  not much laughing happened until the last 10 minutes or so .  but by the time i had those laughs ,  i had been praying for the movie to end for far too long .  i needed to get these vapid characters out of my life .   if you want to watch people you hate struggle with a love for people they don't deserve ,  then this is the movie for you . 
a scientist  ( john carradine--sadly )  finds out how to bring the dead back to life .  however they come back with faces of marble .  eventually this all leads to disaster .   boring ,  totally predictable 1940s outing .  this scared me silly when i was a kid but just bores me now .  i had to struggle to stay awake !  with one exception ,  the acting is horrible .  such expressionless boring actors !  hopeless .   there are some good things about this :  carradine ,  despite the script ,  actually gives a very good performance .  and there are a few mildly creepy moments involving a ghost of a great dane walking through walls .  there's also one of the worst-looking knockouts in cinema history .  still ,  none of this is fun enough to sit through this .  avoid . 
i thought i read somewhere that this was the last monogram production ,  but whether that's true or not it doesn't matter ,  because if it wasn't ,  then it should have been .  it's a deadly dull affair starring john carradine with some gray in his hair to make himself appear like an older scientist who is experimenting with the aid of his young apprentice  ( robert shayne )  in bringing the dead back to life .  every time their subjects are revived ,  they seem to have a whitish face like marble as they are lying strapped to the laboratory table  ( big deal )  .  carradine manages to restore his faithful dog to life after it's dead ,  and the mutt gains an unusual ability to walk through walls in a ghostlike fashion  ( wooooooooohhhh )  .  that's about all she wrote .   for an ultra-cheap monogram quickie ,  this thing at least actually utilizes a more fancy-schmancy lab setup than is usually allotted .  the funniest running joke in the movie is that the  " older "  doctor carradine constantly refers to his  " young "  assistant shayne as  " m'boy "  when ,  in fact ,  carradine was actually 40 and shayne was 45 when they made this ! 
this movie was absolute torture .  first of all ,  it's a whopping 4+ hours long !  true ,  the kargil war may have had several points that were captured and fought for ,  but every single one of those battles need not have been shown .  so maybe this is a documentary ,  not a commercial film as advertised .  sure didn't seem like it ,  as enough background information was not given and there were some flaws .  the battle sequences were so poorly executed .  i am terribly disappointed from the man who gave well done sequences in border .  each battle was the exact same as the previous .  it was so predictable .   ( this might be a spoiler .  )  the whole army marches uphill ,  five or so soldiers curse five thousand times each  ( they also use the same cussword every time )  ,  one of the lead actors is shot ,  someone yells for a stretcher ,  the actor says ,   " no ,  don't get a stretcher .  that will take 6 men from the battalion ,  "  and then an actor dies .  that exact same thing happens over and over and over again .  oh ,  and the songs are so bad and so long .  the cast of the movie is too big for its own good .  despite such a long movie ,  none of the characters were well developed .  the actresses had the most miniscule roles .  they all are dressed and portrayed to be the same .  two of them were weeping synchronized .  it was so comical .  they moved their hands and heads at the exact same time and then bit their dupatta together .   the list just goes on and on .  i know i'm still forgetting something  .  anyways ,  i think i have bashed the film enough that you get the picture . 
up until the last 20 minutes ,  i was thinking that this is possibly jackie chan's worst movie  ( excluding his pre-1978 work ,  which i am not familiar with )  .  the final fight sequence changed all that :  it is long and good and intense - indeed ,  one of the highlights of chan's career .  but to get to it ,  you have to sit through a lot of  " comedy "  that might amuse five-year-olds  ( oh ,  look !  someone threw a tomato at that guy's face )  and endless  " football "  scenes .  not to mention the dubbing  ( which includes the line  " how can i turn it off ?  it's not a tap "  - watch to find out what it refers to )  .   " dragon lord "  is worth renting for the final fight alone ,  but the rest of the movie is only for jackie collectors ,  and even then only for those who've already seen at least 15 of his other movies .   ( ** ) 
i saw this movie with some indian friends on christmas day .  the quick summary of this movie is must avoid .  jp dutta wrote ,  directed ,  produced and edited this movie and did none of these jobs well .   the movie tells the story of the attempt by pakistan in 1999 to capture part of the disputed region of kashmir from india .  supposedly based on fact ,  you get a hint from this movie of the difficulty the indian army had in recapturing the area from the pakistani troops - who occupied the high ground .  but instead of telling what must have been a compelling and heroic story ,  all this movie does is make the indian military look laughable and stupid ,  which i know is not true .   i watched this movie with an almost completely indian audience ,  who were very patriotic and clearly wanted to like this movie ,  but also found themselves laughing at scenes that weren't meant to be funny .   the script was absolutely abysmal .  it gave the impression that mr dutta knows nothing about how an army operates and was using bad war movies for reference .  the result is a script that is brainless and repetitive .   the acting from most of the principals was not stellar ,  but considering the script they were given ,  i find it hard to criticise them too much .  as for the supporting cast ,  all i can say is that i hope they were amateurs .   the editing was also pretty bad .  it was pretty hard to follow what was going on for a lot of the time ,  and music would abruptly end at scene changes .   good things :  the cinematography was pretty good ,  although it was hurt a little by the fact that the movie didn't appear to be colour corrected  ( the colour balance often varied significantly within scenes )  .  also ,  the few songs that were in the movie were quite enjoyable - for the first half a dozen or so verses at least .  unfortunately they went on a lot longer than they should have .   and the worst crime of all ?  this mess is four hours long .  there is enough here that a good editor could almost squeeze a good 1 . 5 - 2 hour movie out of what was shot .  sadly ,  a good editor was not working on this movie . 
i should put out an alert all over saying that the movie shouldn't be watched .  it fails to a fitting tribute in such a magnificent manner that it is almost an insult to the memory of those brave men .  the special effect were horrible ,  i hadn't expected the total failure on the part of the director to appreciate military technology .  how can a machine gun which normally fires at the rate of 600 rounds per minute fire at 1/10th the speed ?  how can soldiers fall forward when a grenade explodes in front of them ?  how can people survive when there are artillery shells falling as close as 20 feet away ?  how come the artillery shells fall only on either side of the road and not the road itself ?   not only did this disrespect for the weaponry appall me ,  it was the cliched situations and the incongruity of the dialogues which had me screaming murder .  there were the standard dialogues like ye bhi kisi ka bhai hai ,  ise laath mat maro and pakistan se jyaada musalmaan to hindustaan me hai and loc cross mat karo ye mera hukum hai .  stupid to say the least .   what shobha de had written is true .  the director worked without a script and it shows .  there is no flow to the movie .  there is no gradual progression from one battle to another .  it is just one gunfight after the next with no connection to the overall scheme of the war .  the explanatory scenes are awful .  the chief of army staff looks unconvincing .  to make matters worse the theatre people had indiscriminately cut footage to fit the four hour long movie into 3 hours . 
is this the movie ?  ?  ?  is this what indians are trying to show ?  ?  i think this is one more effort from a sick-minded director to turn down pakistani soldiers and in fact country .  .  .  . but what we pakistani's know that we are always ahead of india in every part of our lives .  .  . not only in armed counters .   well .  .  . this is bad filmed as that of border in early 1997 .  .  . and director and writer just tried to overcome a shame of defeat in kargil by pakistani armed forces ,  by creating films like these .  .   one thing is very clear .  .  . whenever there will be an encounter between pakistan and india .  .  .  . we will win .  .  .  .  !  !  !  so mr .  dutta try to make some good movies instead of nonsense movies like this
now please don't start calling me names like ,   " unpatriotic "   ,   " weirdo "  and more  .   the very length of this movie  ( 4 hours  .  .   !  !  !  )  is its biggest mistake  .  no editing at all - seems like j . p .  dutta fell in love with his project too much  .  even lagaan was 4 hours long - but it was entertaining and gave a message as well  .   it's based on true incidents and real people  .  kudos to it  ,  but were the repetitive war scenes really needed  ?  on top of it the focus constantly shifted from one battalion / squadron to another and it was impossible to keep a track of them all  .   between the skirmishes  ,  there were songs about loneliness  ,  lovesickness and related stuff  .  there were chummy conversations  .  in the beginning it gave some relief from the violence but became so monotonous later that one could even correctly predict nature of the forthcoming talk  .   why were the soldiers walking around as if they were lions in jungle  ,  fully unaware that enemy was lurking somewhere near ?  and when they were shot  ,  it elicited sympathy but it seemed unmindful of them to be so cocksure of their safety in the first place  .   music was melodious and the lyrics were soulful but did not fit with the movie  .  better to listen to them on the soundtrack rather than in the movie  .   acting was the saving grace  :  from seasoned veterans like sanjay dutt and ajay devgan  ,  to relative newbies like abhishek bachchan and akshaye khanna  ,  everyone acted like a pro  .  manoj bajpai and ashutosh rana deserve a special mention for lightening up the mood whenever necessary  .   dialogues ranged from brilliant  (  " from madhuri  .  .  with love !  !  "  )  to illogical / monotonous  (  " pakistan se zyada musalman hindusthan mein hain "  )   .  and the expletive spree consisting of all the mcs  ,  bcs  ,  cs and f-words wasn't really required  .    loc kargil attempts to provide a fitting tribute to the brave indian soldiers  ,  but tries too hard and ultimately fails  .  indian soldiers surely deserve a better tribute  . 
this was a movie that i hoped i could suggest to my american friends .  but after 4 attempts to watch the movie to finish ,  i knew i couldn't even watch the damn thing to close .  you are almost convinced the actual war didn't even last that long .  other's will try to question my patriotism for criticizing a movie like this .  but flat out ,  you can't go from watching saving private ryan to loc .  forget about the movie budget difference or the audience - those don't preclude a director from making an intelligent movie .  the length of the movie is not so bad and the fact that it is repetitive - they keep attacking the same hill but give it different names .  i thought the loc was a terrible terrain - this hill looked like my backyard .  the character development sequences  ( the soilders' flashbacks ,  looking back to their last moments ,  before being deployed )  should have been throughout the movie and not just clumped into one long memory .  to this day ,  i have yet to watch the ending .  but there was a much better movie  ( not saying much )  called border . 
this film was the most longest film and the record breaking film for sure it had 30 actors after jaani dushman ( 2002 )  i guess no one had the guts to do something like that  the film as the title suggests is based on the kargil war but the problem is there are too many characters and the romantic subplots and the songs of many characters are boring  even there are too many cinematic liberties like killing people with knifes ,  wonder which soldier does that ?   direction by jp dutta pales front of border music is okay  amongst the huge cast ajay devgan stands tall ,  saif is very good in his part and also it's his first film with kareena ,  abhishek is likable manoj bajpai has his moments sanju is wasted ,  suneil is okay akshaye khanna does his part well rest are passable rani is good ,  esha is okay rest are passable
okay ,  i was bored and decided to see this movie .  but i think the main thing that brought this movie down was that there would be a hour of footage ,  then basically that same hour repeated 4 times .  it consists of 1 .  gathering the troops and discussing the attack plan ,  2 .  flashbacks to the men's wives 3 .  the approach of the troops marching in a long line 4 .  men running up hill and shooting ,  usually the first getting shot in the head then 3 other men rescuing him .  5 .  defeat of the enemy and calling to base to tell of success 6 .  men flashing back to wives and singing 10 minute songs .  that was the basic movie ,  and that same order of events happened about 4 or 5 times .  and every time it did a flashback to the wives ,  it would show the man ,  then his wife and him .  there were about 10 men or more who would have a flashback so this took up tons of time .  other than that ,  the men couldn't kill their enemy except with either bayonets or grenades .  i liked the music and there was a lot of action ,  though the action was repetitive .  overall ,  i probably wouldn't see it again ,  but it wasn't too horrible . 
there's nothing new for me to say :  4 hours of people dying over and over in the same hill .  the cast was stellar ,  but unfortunately the producer/director/editor/god goofed .  he should have eaten humble pie  ( if not for his own sake then for the men who died in kargil )  ,  hired one of these brilliant bollywood directors ,  hired a real scriptwriter ,  hired a real editor ,  hired a musician that wasn't related to him in some way  ( and who seemed to have listened to some bad version of  " apocalypse now "  on some cheap indian drug )  ,  hired a real professional crew ,  thrown away all the fireworks and told a real story .  unfortunately he ,  like the bigwigs of the indian army ,  made decisions that were terrible for his actors ,  and terrible for his audience .  we all died over and over .    please don't do that again ,  sir !  sushma kathmandu ,  nepal  ps :  next time an indian director decides to glorify the gurkha regiment ,  i suggest he hire more than one nepali to represent the team .  surely there are plenty of nepali men working in bombay--last count was 40 , 000 to half a million . 
if you have seen very less films ,  this might be a big one for you .  if you have seen lot of films ,  this is a joke .  the acting of real heroes is portrayed very badly .  not to mention ,  there are songs ,  there are lot of flashbacks ,  and most importantly ,  the fighting scenes are stupidily performed .  new characters ,  good direction ,  would have done a better job ,  but since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines ,  you can predict whats going to happen next .  you do not feel sad when something happens ,  the emotions they protray is terrible ,  mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies .  it suppose to be a realistic movie ,  but it fails to show .  there are times you wondering ,  you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them .  are the pakis really bad at aiming or the director made them look stupid ?  there were only a few characters acting that was very good ,  but as far it is concerned with plot ,  action ,  it is poorly directed .  this movie could have been short if they took out songs ,  flashbacks ,  stick to the point . 
i was thrilled to watch this movie expecting it to be the sequel to the cult classic  " private lessons "  which portrays the dream of any male teenager .    " private lessons ii "  has nothing to do with the title i mention .  it's just a regular soft-core cinemax flick that won't make a change in your life .  there's just one hot sex scene in a rooftop but that's it .  i watched this a long time ago but believe me ,  this is just a regular boring soft core flick .   the women are hot but that's not enough to rent or buy the movie .  my advice is to watch this only if it airs on cable . 
storyline :  the film spanning 4-odd hours covers in adequate details the happenings at the kargil sector near the loc in 1999 when the pakistani infiltrators had crossed the loc and had entered deep into the indian territory and the indian retaliation .  to know more about the story ,  i would suggest readers to read the news-items pertaining to kargil .   comment :  if one is looking for a formula story in this movie ,  then one can be sure that it is absent .  loc is a story of pure sacrifice ,  patriotism ,  courage and lots and lots of bullets and blood .  the movie hall where i saw this film was full of whistles and cheers when the film shows indian bravery .  movie audience seemed similar to audiences like in an india vs pak cricket match .   watch the movie as a tribute to the army's sacrifice and for the characterization of the real-life war heroes  ( 4 pvc honoured heroes )  who have sacrificed their lives so that we could see this day .  the movie has made a brilliant portrayal of the army who have battled all odds in rough weather conditions .  the film's negatives are that it is too stretched and the songs are extremely boring . 
loc could have been a very well made movie on how the kargil war was fought ;  it had the locations ,  the budget ,  and the skill to have been india's  " saving private ryan "  or  " black hawk down "  .  instead it come across as a bloated ,  4 hour bore of trying to meld the war move with the masala movie .  even the war scenes were terribly executed ,  using the same hill in all their battle scenes ,  and spending unnecessary time on casual talk .  instead of trying to appeal to the indian public ,  a better movie would have been a to-the-book account of what happened at kargil  ( like  " black hawk down "  )  or even spending time on the militant point of view  ( like  " tora ,  tora ,  tora "  )  .  even better ,  it could have used a competent director like ram gopal verma to write ,  direct and edit the film .  until then ,  i'd like to see some one re-edit this film ,  with only the pertinent portions included ;  it would make the movie more watchable . 
michael keaton has really never been a good actor ;  in the tim burton batman movies he always falls in the shadows of his great villains .  here ,  he stars as a widowed husband that picks up radio frequencies that seems like is dead people that tries making contact with the living .  .  .   well ,  this is supposed to be a pretty shocking thriller ,  but it really misses about every spot there is shocking you .  because there's way too much stuff that ends up unexplained ,  undiscovered and uninteresting .  so where's the shocking excitement when it all gets so bad movie made in the first place that white noise makes a fool out of itself ?  truly bad acting and horrifying edited ,  this movie is nothing to watch .  michael keaton tries making a thriller comeback but ends up missing the target more than ever . 
okay ,  i struggled to set aside the fact that in selling evp as real the movie was basically lying to me from the get-go .  i reasoned that hell ,  i don't believe in vampires but i still liked dracula so i could live with this .   however ,  even with that accepted the movie is just not very good .  it's competently made and acted ,  but it doesn't really capture you at all .  there are several  " jump "  moments ,  and i just looked at them and thought  " yeah ,  i didn't expect that "  without actually jumping in the slightest .   also the resolution doesn't make sense .  if the force behind this is capable of doing the things it seems to be ,  then why the hell does it need to use a proxy ?  plus ,  the end caption was absurd .  they obviously put it there as part of the  " give the movie credibility by claiming it's all real "  thing ,  but for that to work it really needs to be at the start .  but they can't put it at the start because then they give the plot away .  .  .  sticking it in at the end just made it stick out like a sore thumb . 
 " white noise "  had potential to be one of the most talked about movies since  " the exorcist "  i think .  seeing as evp is supposedly true it really had an easy passage to be a feared true fact .  not many movies come along that really instill fear into the minds of people .  like i said this movie could have ,  but did not .  the movie degraded itself to a low class pg-13 scary movie .  nothing compared to  " the ring "  or  " the sixth sense "  by any means .  someone really needs to just take charge in the horror movie industry and just make a movie that not only makes us think ,  but it makes us jump ,  scream ,  everything a horror movie should do .  i'm honestly sick of the pg-13 horror genre ,  because its becoming a genre of its own .  we need the old days back ,  the blood and gore days ,  the freddy kruger ,  the jason ,  the mike myers days .  few movies can pull off a think about this mentality being so not scary .  so why try to pull it off ?  a few good jumps in this movie amount to nothing but one of the stupidest endings in movie history with no resolution at all .  .  . don't waste your money on this movie . 
as a cinema fan white noise was an utter disappointment ,  as a filmmaker the cinematography was pretty good ,  nicely lit ,  good camera work ,  reasonable direction .  but as a film it just seamed as predictable as all the other 'so called' horror movies that the market has recently been flooded with .  although it did have a little bit of the 'chill factor' the whole concept of the e . v . o  ( electronic voice phenomena )  did'not seem believable .  this movie did not explain the reasonings for certain occurrences but went ahead with them .  the acting was far from mind blowing the main character portrayed no emotion ,  like many recent thriller/horror movies .   definitely not a movie i will be buying on dvd and would not recommend anyone rushes out to see it . 
jonathan rivers  ( michael keaton )  suddenly becomes a widower when his wife dies .  soon after ,  he's approached by a dr .  price ,  an expert in electronic voice phenomena  ( evp )  ,  who claims he's been receiving messages from jonathan's departed wife anna via sundry electronic gadgets .  is anna trying to tell jonathan something ?  is this merely a hint of something on a larger cosmic or otherworldly scale ?  it's good to see keaton in a leading role ,  but the story he's stuck with is convoluted and absurd at points ;  it's as if the movie doesn't know how to answer any of the questions it brings up ,  so it just distracts the viewer with new ,  unrelated questions .   keaton himself is pretty good ,  convincingly cast as the bereaving widower desperately trying to communicate with his late wife .  he's matured quite a bit as an actor ,  leaving behind the frat-friendly waacky-hijinks roles he played 15 or so years earlier .  he looks a little craggy ,  with a perhaps few more wrinkles than one might expect ,  but he's lost none of the guile and panache that he's shown during his quarter century in hollywood .   so it's not that keaton turns in a mediocre performance ,  it's that the script itself is subpar .  written by niall johnson ,  the plot gets more confusing as it progresses ,  each tortuous path ending in another tortuous path .  this is all well and good if the path leads to some sort of acceptable denouement ,  something that ties more or less everything together and explains .  .  .  something .  but not white noise ;  i knew less about what had happened to jonathan than i did before i'd first seen him .   keaton's really the only reason to watch this junk ,  although he gets fine support from ian mcneice  ( as dr .  price )  and deborah kara unger as the requisite love interest . 
i saw the trailer for this film a few months prior to its release ,  and man ,  did it look scary ,  especially how this film was based on a real life phenomenon .  i was incredibly interested ,  and thought that this could finally be a decent horror/thriller film after years if crap .  well you know how movie trailers make a film look better than it is :  maybe by showing all of the creepy parts or by overdramaticizing certain elements .  the advertisements for the movie did both ,  which lead to my ultimate disappointment .   by no means is this  " the most disturbing movie in years "  .  hell ,  i doubt it was the most disturbing movie of that week's release .  this movie takes the whole  " based off of fact "  thing too far .   this movie wasn't complete crap .  i must admit ,  it held my interest and micheal keaton was believable as a man searching for answers by supernatural means .  other than that ,  though ,  this film is one big cliché .  after john's wife dies ,  he learns about evp ,  which transmits the voices of the dead into everyday electronic appliances .  he all of the sudden receives messages from his wife !  my god !  it's not just his wife reaching him ,  it's other dead people .  gee ,  imagine that .  a movie about helping dead people .  come on ,  give me a break !  the clichés don't stop there .  there's also the obligatory clock-stopping-at-the-same-exact-time-every-night trick and three evil spirits that menace our hero .  not only was the movie cliché ,  it wasn't scary .  the film literally had two jump scenes ,  and those two scenes are almost identical .  the ending is horrible ,  as it leaves the door wide open for a sequel .  there's also an ending message with a message saying how only 1 out of x voices heard through evp are threatening ,  with a nice happy tune playing .  way to break the mood ,  you guys .  jeez !  in the end ,  if you want another forgettable horror film ,  see white noise .  the only reasons i could possibly think anyone would watch this film for is that either that the person is a keaton fan or that they are interested in evp .  sure ,  the evp aspects may be slightly interesting ,  but i don't like my movie concepts to be shoved down my throat and blown up in my face .  this film tries to be scary ,  original ,  and disturbing ,  but it's just the opposite .  you know you have a lame movie when the commercials use the ghosts to talk about there film .   " i will see this film no more .  " 
john rivers' life as an architect and family man has taken a turn for the worst when his wife has disappeared and has been concluded dead after a freakish accident that involved changing a tyre on her car .  during the days she has been missing ,  he confronts a man that's been following and he tells him that his been in contact with his dead wife from the other-side through e . v . p - electronic voice phenomenon .  naturally he doesn't believe it but then hear gets weird phone calls from her phone and so he contacts the man to find out more about e . v . p .  soon enough john is hooked onto it ,  but something supernatural doesn't like him interfering with the dead ,  as now other then contacting his wife ,  the white noise is foretelling events before they happen .   since this dvd has been sitting on my shelf for a while now ,  i thought i better get around to watching it since it wasn't my copy .  but then again i don't think the owners were in a hurry to get it back ,  as they haven't question me about it .  oh well .  so i decided to give it a play ,  as i was in an undemanding mood .  after hearing and reading all the bad press on it ,  i wasn't expecting anything remotely good ,  but i was kept entertained for 90 minutes .  well ,  more so the 60 minutes ,  as the last half-an-hour was pretty much a blur of confusion .  the film is nowhere as good as it could have been ,  but the time breezed by quick enough even though it's a rather tepid supernatural thriller .  i thought it wasn't all a waste .  the first hour i found some effective sequences rather interesting and there's a spooky awe generated with a slow progression of subtle stillness and tragedy that haunts you ,  but sadly that comes to a crashing halt later on in the film .  that's when the predictably forced jump scares come into their own and somehow it just doesn't fit in with the context .  it becomes rather hectic ,  loud and very muddled with its mtv style editing and kinetic camera-work that gets to close into the action .  i couldn't understand what was going on within choppy and abrupt climax .  the whole explanation how everything fits into the bigger picture is pure hokey .  it's a very unsatisfying conclusion because it goes for something big ,  but hits rock bottom .  i thought they did fine job up until that point with the lighting and showy camera-work .  other then the distinctively stark lighting ,  the score kept this flick atmospherically gloomy .  all of it is very slickly done with its glossed up and fancy hardware ,  which makes it come across as very sterile and empty .   you can easily see that the film's heart is in the technical components and not in expanding the characters and story .  there's just no connection and lasting sentiment within this flimsy material .  after a while ,  it just tries too hard to convince you that it falls into manipulative thrills and popping in many blood-curdling stuff from beyond the grave .  it just got rather repetitious watching someone watch a fuzzy tv screen after while .  the e . v . p machine was the star on the show .  well ,  it did have more impact than the limp performances .  michael keaton is more than capable actor ,  but lately his disappeared off the map and here he provides a modest performance as the dangerously obsessed john rivers .  he really deserves much better ,  though .  everyone else is pretty brittle and forgettable .  not because of the performances ,  but of the lack of depth in their characters .  this clunker wasn't bad to begin with ,  but it does go pear shape by falling away drastically .   i wouldn't care to see it again and i wouldn't recommend to anyone ,  unless you got a interest for the subject matter and enjoy the recent crop of hollywood produced horror/thrillers .  it's just a damn shame that this over-produced flick couldn't put it together successfully ,  as it had promise in its idea and a more than decent cast on hand .  i didn't hate it ,  but what a disappointment . 
i don't think i've ever been so bowled over by the sheer absurdity of a movie in my entire life as i was when i walked out of this piece of crap .  nothing in it makes any sense .  none of it is clever or well thought out .  out of lack of truly suspenseful moments they repeatedly use that total cop-out trick where you build up the music before the character does something like open a door or push aside a curtain and then nothing's there .  thats ok to do once ,  maybe ,  but i counted three times .  there are things thrown in for no apparent reason ,  characters ,  half-formed story lines .  .  .  .  the characters weren't well developed at all .  the ending was .  .  bad .  bad ,  bad ,  bad ,  everything ,  every component ,  of this film is terrible .  and i'm just here to warn you all of that . 
i can only believe that garson kanin must have been two people .  the one who wrote the brilliant  " a double life "  and the funny  " born yesterday "  and co-wrote such excellent screenplays as  " adam's rib "  and  " pat and mike "  with his wife ruth gordon and then the one who wrote and/or directed such tiresome ,  sad drivel as  " bachelor mother "  ,   " some kind of a nut "  ,  and this .  the cast tries ,  but the script is so tired and clichéd that even the efforts of the always wonderful brenda vaccaro are defeated .  the script sinks to it's nadir in the truly offensive sequence in which janssen's character tests drivas's character to make sure he's not gay .  an ugly sequence ,  but sadly one which could easily play in a film today .   " ethnic "  jokes are now totally verboten ,  but  " fag "  jokes are still  " good ,  clean ,  family fun "  . 
the idea was awesome ,  the actors were incredible ,  the story could of been very scary ,  but the writing was poor and there was no depth .  i couldn't really get into this movie .  i couldn't feel for the characters ,  there were a lot of cliffhangers ,  and the movie just ends very weirdly .  was it a happy ending ?  i don't know .  was it a sad ending ?  again ,  i don't know .  you leave the theater feeling unsatisfied .  the movie had so much to give ,  but couldn't .  just because you can edit ,  doesn't mean you should ,  right ?  i wouldn't really recommend this movie because you just can't say that you left the movie feeling like it was completed .  you'll just be confused .  trust me ,  you will probably thank me if you don't watch this movie .   3/10
i frequently comment on the utter dirth of truly scary movies on the market ,  and sadly white noise only served to reduce my faith that the film industry remains capable of such an endeavor .  i was surprised to find myself growingly increasingly fatigued as the plot wore on and my static-induced headache increased .  i found white noise to be preposterous beyond our best efforts of suspension of disbelief .  even after witnessing the harrowing ordeal sustained by michael keaton ,  i was totally unaffected by his demise .  up until the credits i diligently awaited for something--anything-- of substance to connect me to the characters' story ,  but such relief never came .  sure ,  there were the occasional heart-stopper moments ,  but only because loud noises tend to do that to the dozing viewer .   while the acting was lame ,  michael keaton may have played his studliest role to date .  perhaps the only redeeming quality that white noise has to offer is the stunning archietecture in both of keaton's abodes .  overall ,  white noise leaves one with the morbidly depressing idea that those who die are trapped in a world guarded by three malicious shadows ,  contriving to trick the living into following the dead to their own graves . 
absolutely one of the worst movies of the year .  the plot is ridiculous ,  the characters poorly developed ,  and the premise irritatingly stupid .  it all begins when michael keaton ,  fresh off of doing nothing noteworthy since batman ,  loses his beautiful author wife ,  anna ,  to a car accident ,  possibly caused by her driving one of those convertible vw bugs even though she's supposed to be rich .  in his grief ,  batman moves to a new apartment and takes up a hobby :  recording nothing and then watching it .  he learned this from a really fat pathetic guy who got murdered by three tall shadowy fellows who lived in his tv .  pretty soon ,  he starts to see dead people ,  thanks to evp ,  or electronic voice phenomenon ,  which is evidently this deal wherein dead people can send messages to living people through tape recorders ,  video cameras ,  dead cell phones  (  " anna cell calling ?  but she's .  .  . dead !  .  .  . must be ghosts .  mhmmm .  no other possible explanation .  i'd better start messing around with this indiscriminately .  "  )  etc .  why they can't just write something down on a piece of paper or knock over some stuff to form creative pictograms is never explained .  anyway ,  eventually batman discovers that he's actually seeing the future ,  and he decides to go help this woman he doesn't know .  he gets out of his house just in the nick of time ,  because the tall dark guys enter just after he leaves  (  " d*mn it !  can travel between the living and dead using electronics ,  but i'll be d*mned if we can be on time !  am i right guys ?   ( they nod in bemused agreement )  .  "  )  .  he tracks this lady to a warehouse and finds out that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie  ( look hard ,  or you'll miss him !  )  is actually a serial killer working for three tall shadowy demons ,  who in raiders of the lost ark style swoop down and kill him ,  looking like the cartoons that they are .  just then some detectives show up and save the lady .  after batman's funeral ,  he decides to send a message from beyond the grave apologizing to his son for being an idiot ,  evidently feeling that the best way to protect his kid from the horrors of evp is to expose him to it .  the little kid just smiles .  nothing phases that dude ,  not even when his dad ,  batman of course ,  starts talking to tv's .  the high-point of the movie was when someone's phone rang and some guy yelled out ,   " it's anna !  " 
i first heard about white noise when i saw the tv advert .  before then i didn't even know it existed .  i watched the trailer online and decided that i would go and see it .  now being a fan of films like the sixth sense ,  i thought that this film would give me everything i wanted .  it has michael keaton in it ,  and he rocks .  unfortunately the film did not deliver .  it tried to be another sixth sense or stir of echoes ,  and failed miserably .  it has a very promising start ,  but the middle just drags on repeating itself ,  and ends with a completely poor twist which any monkey could have figured out .  unfortunately like most  " scary "  films nowadays it relies on loud noises and bangs to make the audience jump .  this film could have been so much more .  it's a shame because it was a good idea . 
what a shame it is when a potentially captivating and refreshingly low-key story manages to latch onto your interest at the start and then gradually lets you down further and further until you're left scratching your mystified head by the time it reaches its overdone conclusion .  unfortunately ,  this is what happened to me by the end of white noise .   it wasn't michael keaton's fault ;  it was a pleasure to see him return as the star of a brand new movie once again ,  looking a bit wrinkled perhaps ,  but still managing to give a strong and sincere performance .  as a man whose wife has recently died ,  he becomes obsessed with her wandering spirit in the afterlife  ( not a new idea )  ,  apparently getting contacted by her through that funky electrical fuzz business you see on your television screen when there's nothing being broadcast .   the idea of spirits communicating via the airwaves is called evp  ( electronic voice phenomena )  and there are a lot of people who actually believe in it for real ,  so i'm not going to make any comments about what i think of that ,  or them .  let me just say that i'm all for suspension of disbelief when it comes to buying into fantastic films like this ,  but what i can't tolerate is not understanding what the hell was supposed to be taking place ,  which is about where i was left stranded when the credits finally began to roll .  much static indeed .   there are occasionally movies like this that have me completely baffled ,  but if a film fails to make itself clear for me ,  i tend to consider that to be the fault of the filmmaker ,  not my own  ( unless i watched it while i was too tired to focus or something )  .  well ,  for white noise i was wide awake ,  bright-eyed and bushy-tailed -- so guess who's to blame ? 
i checked this one out on dvd for a dollar so i could easily smile as this dreadful movie unfolds .  every time that you think it cannot get any worse ,  it inevitably does .  the acting is absolutely horrific .  the plot makes no sense at all .  the title  " cold vengeance "  in the us dvd version has absolutely nothing to do with the script .  the action scenes are so obviously taken in their first take .  there are lots of mistakes during dialogues indicating that there is just no intend to do another take to at least try to make this movie bearable .  i cannot remember having seen a worse movie and i do occasionally get bad ones--well ,  except for unstoppable with wesley snipes .  no ,  who am i kidding ,  while a bad one ,  unstoppable deserves best picture awards at the oscars when compared to this piece of crap . 
i saw this on cable recently and kinda enjoyed it .  i've been reading the comments here and it seems that everyone likes the second half more than the first half .  personally ,  i enjoyed the first story  ( too bad that wasn't extended .  )  the second story ,  i thought ,  was cliched .  and that  " california dreaming ,  "  if i hear that one more time .  .  .  chungking express is alright ,  but it's not something that mainstream audiences will catch on to see ,  like  " crouching tiger .  " 
be warned !    this is crap that other crap won't even deign to be in company with because it's beneath them !  okay ,  got that out of the way ,  let me say something more substantive .   i've seen ashes of time a very long time ago thinking it was a fresh take on the material which is based on a highly revered wuxia tome of a novel due to the emerging reputation of the director ,  wong kar wai .  well ,  despite of all of that wkw hasn't succeeded at adapting the novel on screen according to a lot of wuxia fans ;  mostly it is just shots of dripping water ,  beads of sweats ,  legs of horses running ,  etc .  i couldn't sit through most of the movie .   fast forward many years later when i wanted to give mr .  wong's movies another shot after hearing many praises ,  especially from cannes .  i was intrigued by his latest ,  2046 .  a friend told me to start w/ chungking express because it is his most accessible movies .  so wrong !  i was just p . o .  that i got duped into wasting my time and money on this piece of pretentious nothingness .  some professional reviewers mentioned it as a meditation on alienation and loneliness in a modern big city ,  blah ,  blah ,  blah .  it's all fine if the director has a point of view with something to say as to why these things happen and tell it .  but no ,  he merely shows what is .  faye wong's acting is very typical of hong kong's style :  garbled enunciation ,  deer in the headlight wide eye expression ,  try to be cute and girlish kind of acting ;  the rest of the cast is equally uninspired .   i think the word ,  auteur ,  is a euphemism for a director who tries something new and different ,  which is to be applauded ,  but not one who hasn't yet mastered the art of cinematic story telling ,  which is what mr .  wong is ,  for the last 17 years ! 
this film is another example of the curse of east asian cinema :  two or more separate stories rolled into one film .  other reviewers have obviously picked up on it as well because there are several mentions of the  " first part "  and  " second part "  .  how can you have any character development or a deep plot when the characters and the story are featured for such a short time ?  i was enjoying the first part until it abruptly stopped  ( it didn't  " end "  ,  it just stopped in what appeared to be the middle of the story )  to be replaced by an inane and totally unbelievable second part that seemed to focus around a girl rearranging and cleaning a guy's apartment  ( wow !  )  i look forward to the day when wong kar wai is given a decent script to work with ! 
casting bone to pick :  david jannsen was 38 playing the father of robert drivas ,  who was then ,  31  ( yeah ,  i realize he's supposed to be just out of college ,  but clues in the script have him being a loafer and so he's probably 24-25 in the script--- that still puts jannsen in parenting classes in junior high )  .  i assume the ama wrote medical miracle up in their 1938 year in medicine .  this movie hasn't aged very well at all and now it's main appeal is just to see a snap shot of sin city ,  circa 1969 and all the incessant smoking ,  the weird hair  ( drivas has an atomic comb over that makes him resemble a well-groomed hip cousin it )  and trendy fashions that went along with it .  if anyone remembers ,  lv wasn't exactly london .  .  .  the city coddled the mob and codger gamblers in those days .  drivas comes off as sexually ambiguous ;  his dad thinks he might be gay  ( in a sad irony ,  drivas himself died of aids at 47 )  and the soapy conflict is from the generation gap issue  ( ahem ,  as if one may call 7 years a gap )  .  sonny boy wants to be his own man and dad wants to pull him into the casino  ( caesar's palace !  )  ,  and plies him with girls  ( including the horny-for-money edy williams )  .  interestingly enough ,  the son doesn't seem to mind being thought of as gay--- unusual for the time and a cute brenda vaccarro is nearby to swoon platonically over him .  what nudity there is is awfully lame--- just what was needed to pull the audience in for an 'r' rating in the early days of the mpaa rating system  ( which then was g-m-r[16]- and x )  .  the editing is horrible and there's stupid-silly overdubs by the committee  ( a late 60's neo-avante-garde comedy troupe that mercifully faded off the map within a couple of years )  .  don rickles is on board as a blackjack dealer .  .  .  seemingly preparing him for a role as a floor manager in the much better casino two decades later .  not to give anything away ,  but they would've dealt with mr .  rickles' character with power tools and a hole in the desert back then .  a curiosity at best ,  far from joshua logan's usual caliber of work .  dos/dias .  now go watch casino again .  .  . 
for those deciding whether or not to watch this movie and are reading these comments for insight ,  i first offer these four words :  don't waste your time !   " chungking express "  was shoddily filmed ,  slapped together quickly and seems as though it were conceived in its entirety by someone standing in line at a hong kong burger king .  i can't remember ever watching a film with an assortment of such one-dimensional characters trying to work their way through a script this mundane !  it's an absurd effort with philosophically ridiculous dialog  ( a man wanders into his flooded apartment and offers the stunning revelation that  " tears can be dried with a tissue ,  but water takes time to mop up "  )  .  the same character is also seen carrying on a deep ,  meaningful rapport with his towels ,  soap ,  stuffed animals ,  dirty laundry ,  etc .  the shaky ,  wandering ,  hand-held camera-work was another annoying feature i could have done without .  and if that isn't enough to make you puke in your popcorn ,  we hear the old 60's ode  " california dreaming "  by the mamas and papas blaring over the soundtrack over and over again during a particularly lengthy sequence .   quentin tarantino was responsible for bringing this loser to america through his rolling thunder productions company ,  though i cannot for the life of me figure out why a man with his talent would bother .  he was known to have remarked ,   " i'm happy to love a movie this much .  "  a lot of us ,  though ,  hope he will concentrate on making his audiences happy with more worthwhile discoveries in the future . 
i am completely baffled as to why this film is even liked ,  let alone held in such high regard ,  especially by so many critics who are ,  otherwise ,  quite sensible .   there is one key word which describes this film to its core - irritating .   the most easily explained example of this is the director's use - or ,  more accurately ,  abuse - of music .  in the first half ,  a really dull reggae tune is played about three times  ( when once is too often )  .  but in the second half ,  the mommas and the papas  " california dreamin' "  is played at least seven times ,  usually at top volume .  godsakes ,  whether you liked the song or not beforehand ,  you'd be thoroughly sick of it by the end .  just think ,  some people claim to have seen this film four or five times .  this means they've listened to california dreamin either 28 or 35 times .  .  .  .  .   all of this needless hyper-repetition  ( it contributes nothing to the story )  could possibly be excused if the remainder of the film had any lingering merit ,  or if the story was in any way involving .   but it ain't .   the only aspect i found likeable was bridgette lin's charging around and still playing asia the invincible in a raincoat and sunnies .  even this wore off fairly quickly .   i'm sure this film's undeserved high reputation will convince many poor suckers to go and see it .   i can only warn you - if you've never seen a hk movie before ,  don't start with this one .   if you feel compelled to watch it ,  avoid at all costs seeing it in a cinema .  the fast-forward and mute buttons are essential tools for survival here .   you have been warned  ! 
i saw virtually no redeeming qualities in this movie .  the only thing i did see was quentin tarantino's seeming insane obsession for it .  .  .  there were some attractive women in this movie and perhaps that is one decent quality .  overall however ,  i found this movie surrealistic and ridiculous .  the hand held film making coupled with slow motion and other cinematic gimmicks i found clumsy and dizzying ,  even sickening .  overall the music throughout was horrible and repetitive to the extreme as well reminding me of psychological warfare of the u . s .  military against various malcontents .   the various vignettes that made up the movie are haphazard in their placement and unfulfilling and unresolved in their content and  " conclusions .  "  a depressing movie  ( not a true _film_ ,  a term i reserve for true art )  that left me with a bad feeling .  do not believe the various people that try and spin this as a  " romantic comedy "  though there are certainly isolated elements of both this movie repudiates in content ,  form ,  and conclusion any association with this genre .   i suggest staying far away notwithstanding the seemingly overwhelming positive views of imdb and other ratings sources . 
average viewers looking for any sense of internal coherence in a film should probably give this one a pass .  it generates the same feeling as staring at a curious array of individual images that seem to have some relationship one to another ,  but never coalesce into a totality .   while this isolative approach to creating a kind of cinematic montage may appeal to a few students or critics steeped in the inside language of contemporary filmmaking ,  it is flatly irritating and condescending to us commoners who just fell off the haywagon .  an overt avoidance of accessibility may be the intentional hallmark of auteurs like kar-wai wong and tarantino ,  but to me it comes across as andy warhol warmed over .  the only redeeming characteristic i find is in the production values ,  and them there just ain't going to cut it all by themselfs .   this is one of those productions in which you watch and listen and wait anxiously and in vain for some clever development of an idea or thought to sustain all the remarkable and beautiful individual scenes .  sorry .  the calligraphic credits unexpectedly begin to roll just as your interest begins to stir .  i get the same big yawn and let-down reading what i guess are very knowledgeable and thorough comments about this film that never lead to anything truly comprehensible .  ideas and images without some external context are not my idea of fun .   call me a philistine roaming the streets of hong kong looking for a bowl of chop suey .   
a never ending frenzy of clever visual ironies does not necessarily create an engaging film .  the  " blonde wig "  half of the movie never took off perhaps due to too much self-indulgence by its makers .    the wong faye half  ( featuring a very playful ,  if karen carpenter looking ,  faye wong )  holds much more appeal .  all the ingredients are there ,  however ,  the girl-meets-boy story element takes a back seat to artsy cleverness .  character development is uneven .  emotion is missing .    for music lovers ,  wong faye's  " mung jung yun "   ( cantonese version of the cranberry's smash hit  " dreams "  )  is used effectively in chungking express .  faye wong also recorded a mandarin language version called  " zhen tuo .  "  both are on cd ,  although only  " mung jung yun "  is found on the official movie soundtrack cd . 
i like a movie that has at least a vestige of a story .  this doesn't occur in this movie .  it's a series of vignettes with no cohesion .   there are scenes of a person collecting pineapple cans .  a woman with a blond wig never removes her sun glasses .  this woman shoots at other people at the beginning of the movie and we never find out why .  she disappears completely after about 30 minutes .  there is another coquettish woman who endlessly cleans a man's apartment .  there are endless scenes at a fast food joint where the mamas & papas 'california dreaming' is vastly overplayed  ( i used to like the song )  .  the dialogue is mostly concerned with food  ( pineapples ,  chef's salad and ordering drinks )  .  i assume most of the actors gained weight during this movie because a lot of fast food was consumed .   there is no passion in this movie because there is no story .  this is purportedly a romance - it is no such thing .  i just wonder why i didn't hit the fast-forward .  i kept waiting for something significant to happen  it doesn't .  maybe that's the only consolation to this movie - scenes shifted so rapidly that it tricked you into assuming that there was going to be a revelation to all the nonsense . 
kudos to the patience of paul muni ,  who spent hours and hours in the makeup room each day to look the part of zola .  muni was the one of the biggest stars in the 1930s and i wonder how many people today -other than classic movie buffs - know anything about it .  he was a giant in the business for at least a decade .  he could have won the academy award for this performance ,  which would have given him two in a row ,  as he won it for playing louis pasteur the year before .  my own opinion is that while he tended to overact a bit ,  i still think he was one of the great actors of the  " golden age .  "  whatever part he played ;  you were riveted to the screen watching him .   unlike the pasteur role ,  i thought this story smacked of a little too much of what we've seen in the last 60 years :  going overboard to make a liberal hero .  even in 1937 ,  hollywood couldn't suppress its disdain for police or for the military ,  here making it a point to tell us how  " corrupt "  those organizations are .  filmmakers just love it when authority is challenged and defeated .  in that regard ,  this film is way ahead of its day since we've seen this big-time since the 1960s .   however ,  it must be noted the facts support this story .  it also does not in any way diminish zola's accomplishments as a social reformer ,  getting rid of certain evils .  good for him !  i wish they had spent more time showing that ,  than concentrating on one trial . 
a collection of deleted scenes and alternative takes ,  edited together and with added voice-over to make it appear to take place after the events of the first .  pretty cool idea ,  but deleted scenes are left on the cutting room floor for a reason and this is further proof .  as it's just not as funny as  " anchorman "  ,  and really let's face it that film wasn't exactly comedy gold either ,  so you get a 'movie' worse than one that was moderately funny .  in my eyes that still puts it one or two notches above  " kicking and screaming "  ,  or  " bewitched "  .  chross your fingers that  " the wedding crashers "  is a return to old school form  ( no pun intended )    my grade :  d
pieced  ( edited )  together from dead body parts  ( deleted scenes )  from corpses  ( anchorman )  ,  the frankenstein monster  ( wake up ,  ron burgundy )  is definitely not a sight for sore eyes  ( something you'd ever want to watch twice .  .  .  .  . maybe even once for that matter .  )   more often than not -the relativity of the scenes in wurb are made relevant by a third person narrator .  even more troubling is that the characters in wurb are inconsistent with the versions of themselves that we had at the end of anchorman  ( in opening narration we're told wurb takes place shortly after the original .  )  at the end of anchorman ,  burgundy had grown since the start of the film and embraced having a hybrid co-anchorwoman/lover .  in this film ,  he's back to his immature antics with prank phone calls to veronica  ( quite clearly these are the more of the same scenes from the original anchorman spliced in to wurb .  )    the part that makes this a movie ,  a continually evolving story ,  involves a bank-robbing clan without a cause called the alarm clock .  these scenes are almost painful to sit through .  this part was scrapped from the original scripts for anchorman .   the majority of other scenes involving our channel 4 news team are clearly alternate/deleted takes on scenes from anchorman .  they go to the same party as in the original ,  the same original  " group bitching about having a woman on the team "  scene ,  and the same cat fashion show segment that veronica had objections to reporting .   burgundy re-creates their first date with the drive-in spot overlooking san diego and dinner at his favorite club ,  tinos .  neither character make mention that they've been to the drive-in spot before and when burgundy walks into tinos with veronica ,  he introduces it to her as though they've never been before .  oh ,  and they're wearing the same clothes as on their original date .   still ,  i have to give some credit to the filmmakers - even if wurb is nothing more than a clever way of presenting deleted scenes tied together with narration .  between the two ron burgundy stories - this is the weaker one .  looking back on it ,  it's quite a feat for anchorman to have risen from the ashes of wurb .  you stay classy ,  imdb .  thanks for stopping by . 
look ,  i loved the proper anchorman film ,  but this was reaaaaallly bad .  the kind of bad that makes you wish you could get that time back in your life ,  the kind of bad that makes you think  " what on earth were they thinking to film this in the first place "  ,  the kind of bad that makes you wish you'd taken 50 more minutes when stepping into the kitchen to grab a snack during the film ,  the kind of bad that makes leprosy look fun ,  the kind of bad that makes you think you wish you rented a pauly shore film instead .  .  .  . seriously ,  i cannot explain how very bad this was .   having said that .  .  .  . there were some semi-amusing laughs ,  but they are all so much less funny than anchorman .  sure ,  they tried to make it entertaining and fun ,  but the entire subplot that was left out of anchorman that made it here was genuinely left out for a good reason .  .  . it wasn't even a little bit good .   do yourself a favour  ( or in the usa ,  a favor )  ,  and don't watch this dvd .  .  . it will tarnish the good movie that anchorman is and you don't want to do that .   okay .  .  . i'm alright now . 
i loved  " anchorman ;  the legend of ron burgundy "  and hoped this would be just as funny ,  but alas ,  it wasn't .  some bits are excellent though .  i thought the sports guy ,  champ kind ,  professing his love for ron burgundy in the car filled with the other members of the news team was hilarious .  everyone is ignoring him and he just gets louder and louder and finally kisses burgundy which doesn't get acknowledged either .  but on the whole the story doesn't gel .  it's a noble attempt ,  however ,  to salvage the unused bits from the first movie ,  including an entire plot about some pretty benign would-be domestic terrorists called  " the alarm clock .  "  maya rudolph of saturday night live is one of the members and has a couple of funny lines ,  but basically this unused plot line has good reason to be unused in the first movie .  the extras on this disk are pretty good ,  with the best two being the filmed rehearsals featuring lots of improv comedy ,  and the faux commentary with will ferrell and an  " exec producer "  who ferrell discovers early on was not even a part of the movie in any way ,  shape or form .  turns out he's  " just a guy "  who walked in the side door of the recording studio and pretended to be a producer .  it's some pretty funny stuff though and goes on for about 10 or 15 minutes
great cgi effects & a truly oscar-worthy performance by gary sinise as lt .  dan .    tom hanks is a one-trick pony in this movie ,  how he got the best actor oscar that year over morgan freeman was a crime .    this movie is a pandering treacly love letter to the baby boom generation ,  with a barely concealed right-wing prejudice ,  beginning from forrest's service in vietnam all the way through to the  " resolution "  with jenny at the end .   with that said ,  though ,  it is hugely entertaining and an american movie through and through .  i found certain parts of this film exceedingly offensive ,  zemeckis dumbs down this movie almost to the level of gump himself  .   .   . maybe that was the point he was trying to make .   watch this film and ask yourself  " what is robert zemeckis saying about what makes a good american ?  "    forrest seems to have made the  " right "  choices and been at the  " right place at the right time "  for the last 45 years .  those who are wrong according to the director's vision seem to pay a heavy price .  so is zemeckis saying that idiocy disguised as innocence and naivety is a patriotic ,  even american quality ? 
garson kanin wrote and directed this look at  " modern day "  las vegas and the gap between generations ,  his first directorial effort since the 1940s !  david janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son  ( robert drivas ,  who looks disconcertingly like an older jason bateman )  .  janssen approaches every scene the same way :  defensively ,  with a chip on his shoulder .  playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from janssen ,  who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband  ( he even chews out don rickles and makes him cry !  )  .  his son ,  a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity ,  makes hip comments about how young people look down on vegas  ( give them another ten years )  ,  and his disapproval of dad's lifestyle causes friction .  brenda vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and edy willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition .  unfortunately ,   " where it's at "  doesn't have much else going for it other than the now-dated ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids ,  some quick t&a shots and amusingly jaded satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now ,  ad nauseum .  ** from ****
the first half of the film is ok ,  the second half one of the most tedious experiences imaginable .  quite possibly the most overrated movie of all time .   " pulp fiction "  was robbed for  " best picture .  "  this is one of those films that people feel required to love because the main character is  " slow .  " 
how did this ripoff of  " being there "  ever get to be so loved ?  people say it's proof that a decent ,  honest man can succeed despite lack of intelligence .  they're wrong .  the movie is proof that luck is everything :  hope your friend invests all your money in apple and not atari ;  hope your shrimp boat is the only one out at sea when a storm breaks ;  hope that you don't die of shock when you're luckily shot in the buttocks and not in the back ;  hope you don't get aids from your wife .  this movie is also politically reactionary -- all who rebel against societal convention lose their legs ,  do drugs ,  beat their girlfriends ,  or die young .  in addition ,  the product placement in this film  ( nike and dr .  pepper )  is shameless .  an emotionally manipulative film that is very ,  very empty . 
i chose  " dead creatures "  because i thought it was a zombies movie just like  " 28 days "  or so .  .  .  but not at all .  it isn't even a horror movie .  nothing happens ,  except for a group of women that seem to have been infected by a strange virus that make her to eat human flesh in order to survive .    that plot gives rise to a series of disgusting scenes of cannibalism .  .  .   very very bad movie .   *my rate :  2/10  ------------------  ------------------
 " astonishing "  screams the la times from the front of the dvd box .  they must have been referring to the fact that such a sorry piece of crap was ever released .  the film revolves around a bunch of girls who have a disease which forces them to become cannibals ,  and murder innocent people just to stay alive .  their skin peels off throughout the film ,  we also see severed legs ,  heads etc that are about as convincing as a halloween fuzzy felt set .  there is an awful lot of talking b*ll**ks ,  a bit of human cuisine and some weird zombie hunter chap who imprisons the sufferers of said skin illness in his closet strapped to a chair ,  before stabbing them in the head ,  chopping them into bits .  .  .   you get the picture .  considering there is no acting talent on display at all ,  and the gore is laughably unrealistic ,  what is the point of this whole farrago ?  again looking at the video box ,  the guy responsible for it is an  " underground cult director "  .  would that be like those weird religious cults where they brainwash you into thinking one way when clearly the opposite is true ?  because that's the only possible reason i can think of for anyone to derive pleasure by watching this tax write-off .  then ,  on the same paragraph he compares himself to mike leigh ,  ken loach and george romero .  hahahahaha oh stop it .  now you're just being silly .   do you enjoy this film ?  are you offended by the above opinion ?  if so ,  you must be a member of said cult .  do they pocket your wages ?  do they let you see other family members ?  do they force you to watch andrew parkinson films till you think he's the best director since a . hitchcock ?  do tell .  .  .  this sounds like a panorama special brewing to me .  and say hello to the critic of the la times when you return to your colony ,  will you ?  0/10
a bunch of women who can't act sit around ,  talk ,  smoke pot .  they have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed ,  and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers .  we don't see them killing anyone ,  suddenly there is a body on the floor ,  covered by a bloodied sheet .  i can't eat spam cover by a sheet anymore because of this .  just the thought of spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same narcoleptic fit brought on by trying to get through all of this movie .  occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is  " hunting "  them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement .  why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the sit-on-the-couch sisters is never explained .  there are also scenes of some  " superhuman "  guy freaking out .  he p***es blood and punches through a wall ,  but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained nor even tied in to the story .   there is no action ,  no special effects ,  no story .  if you want to watch some boring people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking ,  then here's 90 minutes of that ,  because ,  except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes ,  absolutely nothing happens .   ( yawn )  oh ,  i almost forgot ,  you get to see them move some stuff ,  including the deformed sister ,  when they move to their new apartment .  its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed . 
this movie is one of those i regret having invested 90 minutes of my life that i'll never get back in .  the premise is really interesting - essentially it's a zombie flick from the perspective of the undead  ( let's not split hairs as to whether they're actually dead or not} .  unfortunately ,  they fail to deliver a compelling story within this framework .  the nearly unbearable monotony of the lives of the central characters may add to the realism of the film ,  but it sucks all the entertainment value right out of it .  if they had put a little more effort toward keeping the viewer engaged ,  it would have been much more likely that they drive home the social commentary . 
spoilers !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !   i watched half of this movie and i didn't like it .    first reason :  boring .  barely anything happens ,  the women sit around and discuss how terrible their lives are and how they have no hope ,  they smoke weed ,  read magazines ,  care for their sick friend ,  and cut up the occasional dead body .  boring !  !  !  !   second reason :  there are too many things left unexplained .  many scenes are dedicated to a zombie hunter who kidnaps random men ,  restrains them in a chair and interrogates them .  who are these men ?  how do they know anything about illegal activity concerning the diseased flesh eaters ?  why does he kill one and let another one go ?   also there is this dude who at first i thought also had the flesh eating disease but he puts his fist through a wall with superhuman strength suggesting he's not quite what we originally thought-never explained !  how frustrating is that ?    conclusion :  i found the women annoying ,  the story uninteresting ,  the duologue tedious ,  and the action non-existent .  also the cover art is misleading since it makes you believe this movie is going to be cool when it clearly isn't .  i rented this movie based on some of the reviews made by other people on this website ,  and although i respect the fact that some people might have enjoyed this flick ,  i will from now on make sure i read more than two reviews deep into a movie so as to avoid renting another movie i regret seeing . 
thanks to some infamous home video distributor who brought in the so called german independent series ,  four for venice is not only awful ,  but really awful .  so awful ,  that i have it dumped at the second hand goods store for extra cash .   nick and charlotte is a married couple who reached an agreement of having sex only on tuesday due to their hectic schedule of their profession .  eva and luis is a pair of couple living from hand to mouth ,  where eva works as a waitress and luis ,  an artist .  nick indirectly causes eva to lose her job as an waitress .  luis and charlotte had an affair at the back of eva and nick .  luis cheated on eva by lying to her that he would be flying off to london to do something related to his artwork ,  but the fact is ,  he is flying off to venice with charlotte for an adultery holiday .  eva kidnapped nick and dragged her 2 kids along to venice for confrontation .  the trip to venice ends up both nick and eva falling for one another .   the presentation of the journey from germany to venice between nick and eva marks the failure of the comedy .  it not only look senseless ,  but also draggy .  in the film ,  nick try to seek help for several ways ,  but it ends to no avail .  it is either the strangers around him who acts like morons ,  or they are just simply dumb .   the comedy also had the tendency to add in unnecessary scenes to lengthen the story .  while some of the problems that can be solved with common sense ,  no one in the film are using common sense to solve the problem .  they prefer to go through one big round to solve the problem .   it fails so bad ,  that even the beautiful sceneries in venice fails to pull up the reputation of the film . 
unfortunately ,  the realism is boring .  this movie ,  i thought it would never end ,  would have been better if all the characters would have been nuked in the first five minutes .  where's blade when you need him ?  while as dismal as combat shock ,  requiem for a dream and as nightmarish as boise moi ,  dead creatures isn't nearly as entertaining as any of the aforementioned bleak movies .  while the gratuitous cannibalism might make the wannabe jeffery dalmers hearts race a little faster ,  it wasn't nearly as interesting as ravenous .  really ,  i found it about as interesting as late-night infomercials ,  and as exciting as a trip to the dentist .  if you have strong masochistic qualities ,  you might be able to endure this ,  otherwise ,  for no one .  i was really surprised that this one wasn't made by the people at brain damage as that was the quality of dead creatures . 
ok i will sum up this movie .  .  .  a bunch of skanky british women have some disease that basically is turning them into zombies .  the whole movie consists of these women talking ,  smoking ,  and rarely going out for  " meat "  or humans to eat .  i swear i had to make myself watch this movie .  .  .  ugh
this movie is not that interesting ,  except for the first ten minutes .  the pace and editing are a perfect introduction in an ensemble piece ,  even better than say gosford park .  then it inexplicably slows down ,  loses focus and starts resembling a traditional french movie only to regain focus in the end with the love relation between antoine  ( depardieu )  and cécile  ( deneuve )  .  in the middle there are too many sidelines and loose ends in the story ,  several threads started are not ended .   *******spoilers ahead the main story is the relation between antoine and cécile .  he has been loyal to her after his relation with her many years ago ,  despite her remarrying and setting up home in morocco .  as builder he now rebuilds his own life and recovers hers by taking the mask of cécile's marriage .  having accomplished this ,  he is buried after a freak accident  ( literally )  and becomes a comatose .  he wakes only after she has burned their old picture as indication that they've reconciled with the past and can properly start their lives again together .  *******end of spoilers  it remains unclear what vision this director wants us to see us because there are so many other stories here :  illegal immigrants want to enter europe ,  there are frequent radio broadcasts about the overthrow of iraq's former regime .  cécile's child is bisexual and is bitten by dogs  ( loyalty )  once he meets his boyfriend ,  whereas the girl he lives with seems to be sick  ( of that ?  )  .  her sister is traditional islamic ,  and enters a relation with cécile's husband .  it portrays morocco as unnecessary backward ,  despite all the building there is a strange colonial vision shining through that almost glorifies the past .  it portrays islam as backward and prone to extremism ,  which may sometimes be true ,  but certainly not in general .  in the end it can all best be described as adding some couleur locale and l'art pour l'art .   deneuve and depardieu are great .  with this material they are so familiar they are able to spin something extra in every scene :  lifting an eyebrow ,  body language ,  radiating pride ,  awkward behavior .  the movie itself is disappointing and only confirming the limited role of french cinema in the world nowadays .  with some notable exceptions of course . 
yes ,  i am just going to tell you about this one so don't read if you want surprises .  i got this one with the title christmas evil .  there was also another christmas horror on the dvd called silent night ,  bloody night .  whereas silent night ,  bloody night  ( not to be confused with silent night ,  deadly night )  had lots of potential and was very close to being good ,  this one wasn't quite as good .  it started out interesting enough watching the villain  ( if you can call him that )  watching the neighborhood kids and writing in books about who is naughty and nice ,  but after awhile you are looking for some action and this movie doesn't deliver .  you need character development ,  but this goes overboard and you are still never sure why the heck the guy snaps .  about an hour in he kills three of four people while a whole crowd watches in terror ,  and the guys he kills aren't even his targets they are just making fun of him .  this is one of many unsuccessful attempts by the killer to knock of the naughty .  he then proceeds to try and kill this other guy ,  and he tries to break into his house by squeezing himself into the fireplace .  he promptly gets stuck and barely manages to get out .  he then enters through the basement and then tries to kill the guy by smothering him in his bedroom .  he can't seem to kill the guy this way so he grabs a star off the tree and slits the guys throat .  what the heck was a tree even doing in the bedroom in the first place ?  oh yeah ,  the killer before this kill stopped off at a party and had some fun too .  well that is about it except for the town people chasing him with torches and the unresolved part with his brother and that tune he wants to play .  what was that even about ?  he kept talking about something that was never really explained .  how does it end you ask ,  well since i have spoilers i will tell you .  he runs off the road in his van and proceeds to ,  well lets just say it was lame !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
i saw mommy .  .  . well ,  she wasn't exactly kissing santa clause ;  he has his hand on her thigh and wicked thoughts in mind .   this was enough to emotionally scar a young boy who wanted to believe .  he grew up to be a bitter man who was upset at the quality of the toys being made ,  and the lack of christmas spirit .   expecting a real slasher flick ,  i was very disappointed that less than a handful of people dies ,  and there was no nudity at all .  what a bummer .   i wanted to like this flick ,  but it was just too slow and really didn't have a good script .  i didn't expect great acting ,  but i sure wanted some action .  there just wasn't any . 
no ,  i've never seen any of the  " santa slasher "  series ,  i . e .  'silent night ,  deadly night , ' the original 'black christmas' or this one ,  'christmas evil . ' i've heard all about their reputation ,  or ,  mads  ( mothers against deranged santas .  )  i thought i would rent this one as i've heard it pop up as a reference on a 'fat guys at the movies' segment .   mothers should be against this ,  but not for the ooooohhhh  " killer "  santa ,  but for the fact this movie was just plain crap .  boring ,  long  even at only 92 minutes ,  crap .   little boy sees santa arrive down a chimney in 1947 ,  deliver presents ,  eat some goodies and miraculously ,  float up the chimney .  boy goes to bed ,  but returns to living room to witness mommy and santa  ( sort of )  getting it on .  apparently this messed up that kid for the rest of his life ,  though the scene was about as steamy as when ralphie's dad got the  " leg lamp "  in 'a christmas story . ' he was sooo disturbed ,  he went to the attic and ,  well cut his own hand .   fast forward to the future !  now ,  it's 1980 and messed up boy works in a toy factory .  we get a whiff of him being a little off-kilter ,  and he stalks both kids and parents alike .  who's naughty ,  who's nice ,  blah blah .  it takes a good two-thirds of the film to get him to finally snap  as if that's not foreshadowed from frame one .  no movie should take that long .   i will admit ,  this movie had its tension building ,  but only because i kept expecting him to do something ,  anything to anyone .  when he finally does ,  well ,  punish  " who's naughty ,  "  it's as graphic as a  " garbage pail kid "  card .  and i haven't mentioned the wtf ending .  i'm thinking it was a metaphor ,  but in reality ,  it's just as weird as the rest of the movie .   ( take the brother who's upset his sibling is killing ,  and his solution isuh ,  killing .  )  don't open this mess ,  even on christmas eve ,  or evil .  again ,  i didn't watch the other  " santa-slashers "  but this one sucked bad .  it built up suspense due to the nature of the movie and never once delivered a decent present . 
stupid and just plain weird movie about some kid who becomes traumatized when he finds out santa isn't real  (  ?  ?  ?  )  .  he grows up and becomes an adult  ( brandon maggart )  who makes lists of people who are naughty or nice .  one christmas he snaps and sets out to kill the naughty people--dressed as santa of course .   boring and just plain bad killer santa movie .  if you're looking for gore ,  it's not here .  only a few of the murders are shown and they're not that gory with very fake effects .  most of the movie just contains brandon maggart talking to himself and slowly going crazy .  the script is trite ,  the acting is terrible and it leads to an ending which had me staring slack-jawed at the tv .  seriously ,  i had to rewind the tape and watch it again to make sure i wasn't hallucinating !  really really poor ending .   if you want a scary christmas flick rent  " black christmas "   ( the original 70s version---not the terrible remake )  .  avoid this one at all costs . 
this is without a doubt the worst most idiotic horrible piece o' crap i have ever watched .   this movies plot is that some guy goes crazy and dresses up as santa claus and kills people because he saw his mother give his father oral sex while he was dressed as santa clause .  that is why he went insane ?  is it just me or is that the worst damn reason for someone to go insane like ever ?  and that's not the only thing .  i'm being serious when i say nothing happens in this damn movie .  nothing until like 1 hour and 15 minutes of it have gone by .   there's an entire friggin scene where he glues a friggin santa beard on to him .  it's a friggin minute long .  who the hell wants to see that ?  however i must say the ending of this movie made me crap myself laughing at it .  so if you see this movie on tv or something come back in like 1 hour and 20 minutes just to watch without a doubt the worst ending in all of cinematic history .  and i'm serious about that .   it's not even so good its bad ,  it's tedious ,  it's idiotic ,  it made me want to break the vcr .  it's just not worth your time also i'm sure every other review mentioned this but the actress who played the mother on home improvement was in this movie for a split second .  you want to know how bad this movie is ?  i'd rather watch home improvement for sixty six hours then even look at this movies cover ever again . 
going into a movie like i this ,  i was expecting absolutely nothing entertaining except for a whorde of kills .  .  .  .  . what i got was even less .   christmas eve 1947 a kid witnesses his parents doing it while daddy is in a santa suit .  horrified ,  he runs up the stairs and cuts himself .  the story begins 33 years later and harry stalling is your normal everyday joe .  .  .  .  . cept for the fact he's obsessed with santa .  after his boss makes fun of him he goes insane ,  dressing up like santa and starts killing non-santa believing patrons and his boss .  an unruly neighborhood catches up to him and just as they're about to torch him ,  he drives his van off a cliff .  .  .  .  . into the moon .  not the best ending i've seen but it was original .   it was a slow paced ,  boring movie that really had no redeeming quality except when harry went apeshyt on the church goers .  there was hardly any gore and even the  " sex "  scenes were toned down .   too boring .  .  .  .  .  . 4 out of 10
why ,  oh ,  why won't they learn ?  when you've got a nice ,  juicy exploitation gimmick ,  use it !  don't go messing around trying to get all deep and thoughtful ;  you're only gonna wind up looking foolish .   christmas evil is the story of harry stadling ,  who saw a little bit too much of mommy kissing  ( daddy-dressed-as- ) santa claus back when he was a kid .  so ,  of course ,  harry grows up obsessed with christmas ,  and finally ,  when his disillusionment becomes too great ,  he flips out ,  dresses as santa ,  and wanders the city giving out toys to good little children ,  and viciously killing anyone he deems naughty .   simple enough ,  and not a bad place to start .   ( after all ,  how many other holiday-themed horror flicks use the same schtick ?  )  unfortunately ,  this film wants to be more  " santa ,  portrait of a serial killer "  than  " silent night ,  deadly night "  .  two-thirds of the film are spent documenting harry's slow but inevitable breakdown ,  when i would have been willing to buy the premise by the time the opening titles were rolling .  you know a slasher film is in trouble when you find yourself urging the killer to just get on with it already .   perhaps harry's descent into madness could have been compelling in the hands of a competent director ,  but alas ,  we've got some guy named lewis jackson .  apparently ,  this is his only film ,  and it shows .  the action jumps giddily from scene to scene ,  without establishing shots or clear views of the actors to let us know where we are and who we are seeing .   even once the film gets rolling ,  we're still treated to heaping helpings of harry's self-pity ,  insecurity ,  and neurotic behavior .  more depressing than frightening ,  christmas evil is one to avoid . 
depending entirely on your own personal state of mind when watching this ,   " christmas evil "  can either turn out to become an ambitious and innovative psychological thriller or one of the most pathetic and infuriatingly lame holiday-themed slashers ever made .  me ,  personally ,  i'm tempted to opt for the latter because i didn't bother to do any research at all and simply anticipated a cheesy and undemanding early 80's slasher with a nutcase in a santa clause costume butchering people .  wrong !  the movie actually handles about a bloke named harry stadling ;  who's obsessed with christmas ,  works in a rubbish toy factory and considers it to be his responsibility to determine on christmas eve who deserves presents and who deserves punishment .  harry's issues all started when he witnessed santa  his daddy in a costume obviously  caress his mommy's naked legs at a tenderly young age .  after that he just developed into a social outcast ,  much to the irritation of his younger brother ,  who's bound to snap one  ( holi ) day .  i fully understand why certain fans appreciate this slightly eccentric horror movie ,  but did it really have to be so boring ?  there are several overlong and seemingly endless parts of the film in which absolutely nothing happens .  i can forgive the shortness of gore and outrageous bloodshed ,  but this movie doesn't even benefice from an unsettling atmosphere or unexpectedly demented plot twists  ( with the notable exception of the finale ,  i must admit )  .  also ,  i would have taken the concept more seriously if the crazed protagonist would focus himself on lethally punishing the naughty children !  he doesn't and exclusively kills misbehaving adults .  how are you supposed to take wannabe controversial and original christmas thriller serious when santa doesn't even commit one miserable child murder ?  that would have made  " christmas evil "  a classic ,  whereas now it's just a forgettable and pitiable piece of junk . 
this is one of the worst b slashers i've ever seen in my life .  the ending is something you have to see to believe .   the movie starts with harry standing and phillip standing sitting on the stairs with their mother watching their father come down the chimney while dressed in a santa suit .  he puts the presents under the tree ,  eats the cookies and milk and then goes back up the chimney .  phillip goes to bed but harry comes down only to find his father dressed in a santa suit sexually pleasuring his mother .  then ,  harry goes up stairs ,  smashes a snow globe ,  grabs a shard of glass ,  and cuts himself .   then you move on to the present .  you see harry .  he is a lonely man who sleeps in a santa suit and watches little kids through a pair of binoculars .  he has two books .  one book for good kids and the other for bad kids .  he writes down everything they do in these books .  the guy is a creep .  he also works at the jolly dream toy factory .  his brother phillip has a family and two kids and lives in a nice house .   when harry finds out that his boss only cares about profits ,  he goes and collects all the toys and delivers them to a few kids .  then ,  he travels to a church and kills 4 people .  then he goes to another house and puts presents under the tree .  the kids catch him but they go back to bed .  so ,  harry goes to the bedroom and kills the father and leaves .   as he is walking towards a house ,  a bunch of kids spot him and run up to him .  the parent's are nervous and try to get their kids to come back to them so they don't get hurt .  how do they know that harry is the killer ?  sure ,  you have to be suspicious because you never know who it could be .  harry gives the kids presents and the father pulls out a switch blade in an attempt to stab him in front of the kids .   when harry runs off ,  the townsfolk light torches and follow him to kill him .  they don't even know that he is the killer .  when harry reaches his brother's house ,  his his brother and him have a little talk and phillip strangles him .  he only loses consciousness .  phillip loads harry back into his van .  when harry wakes up ,  he takes off .   the ending is something i could not believe .  once again ,  you'll have to see it to believe it .   one thing that bugged me was the black santa .  that's right ,  the man in the santa suit they saw was a white man .  so why did they bring in a black man ?   skip this and see silent night deadly night and santa's slay .  you'll get your money's worth seeing those two films .  they are better than this pile of garbage !  i give this movie 1 star out of 10 .  wish i could give it 0 stars cause that is what this movie deserves . 
what can possibly said about this movie other than ,   " viewer beware "  .  christmas evil should come with a warning label like cigarettes do ,  because this was harmful to my eyes and ears .  i am rarely this unsatisfied with a  " b "  horror flick ,  but this movie couldn't even bring a little scare to a five year old .  the point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like ,  like nothing can stop their maniacal rage ,  but in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and of course follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus ,  it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is in no way dangerous because he's far too stupid to be dangerous .  all in all a total waste of film . 
there is a reason this went straight to video- the story is smarmy ,  nick cage plays johnny in a sleazy way- sex in churches ,  and other scenes that border on tasteless ( like the scene in the laundry room )  taint this movie .  judge reinhold as the cuckold is okay- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are not well done .  but it is a good film for trivia contests- because so few people saw it . 
the only reason to give this movie even a single star is how much the ending made me laugh .  i had high hopes as i usually love bad campy holiday horror movies ,  but this just didn't qualify .  it's really just a bad attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity ,  which again ,  isn't a bad plot ,  but is done poorly here .  there are some scenes  ( such as the ending )  which are not intended to be funny ,  but actually made me laugh out loud .  there were a couple of times when i thought the movie would actually go in an interesting direction ,  but it never fulfills what it could and should be .  in my opinion ,  if you are looking for a christmas slasher flick ,  try silent night ,  deadly night . 
this  ( extremely ) low-budget movie is compared to the great classic  " silent night deadly night "  ,  since it is labeled as a slasher flick .  first let me say that i think that even  " silent night part 2 "  is better than this  ( that one was filled with flashbacks of the original for more than half of the movie )  .   " christmas evil "  tries to get psychological by introducing the main character as someone who goes insane ,  ( a strong word )  ,  slowly  ( very slowly )  .  he is irritated by people who do not get the true meaning of christmas and at work he can't stand how the fabricated toys are made with such lack of quality and love .  dressed up as santa he finally goes on a killing spree .  also a strong word ,  since only 3 people are killed without the real need for special effects .  no tension ,  no thrills ,  no gore ,  no cast .  for one exception that is :  jeffrey demunn is in it .  he is best known for playing aside tom hanks as one of the guards in the classic  " the green mile "  .  he still must be kicking himself these days for ever accepting the role .  he truly is the only one who really can act ,  his supporting role is better than the main lead .   ( who also isn't that bad ,  but if you're overshadowed by a little supporting character ,  you're not great either .  )  .  and what about that strange ending  ?   ( you have to see it ,  to believe it )  .   " christmas evil "  is downright boring ,  nothing happens and the artwork is just misleading .  this is not a slasher .  you wanna see a real christmas slasher ,  check out the all time greatest :   " silent night ,  deadly night "  . 
i love the 80s slasher flicks and i remember when  " silent night/deadly night "  was pulled from our theaters ,  i was very disappointed ,  so i was very excited to see some of these on fear . net .  you better watch out was what i've come to expect of these types of movies .  the quality of the special effects were laughable by today's standards ,  the character development too long ,  but all in all it was laugh out loud funny !    the scenes where he loses it because santa ,  aka dad ,  is feeling up his mom and later when the mob is actually shown lighting torches - not flashlights as you would in the 80s ,  but real torches !  - really tickled my funny bone .  however ,  the scenes where he was checking on the kids in his neighborhood gave me a creepy feeling of a different nature .  i also enjoyed trying to figure out who some of these character actors were .  it took me awhile to figure out that the main character was the lovable teddy bear on brothers . 
stewart kane  ( gabriel byrne ,  vanity fair )  heads out with his local jindabyne ,  australia fishing buddies for a weekend of rest ,  recreation ,  and relaxation .  but when stewart discovers an aboriginal woman's body floating face-down in a river ,  things appear to have turned out for the worst .  the largest casualty of the weekend is the men's commonsense .  they don't hike out of the ravine ,  and instead finish their fishing weekend with some great catches .  then they head out and report the body .   the town and the men's lives quickly turn into a mess .  the local media swarms them ,  and accusations of aboriginal prejudices rear up from the local natives .  stewart's wife claire  ( laura linney ,  the exorcism of emily rose )  senses the deeper meanings of what her husband and his friends did ,  but has to battle with it through her own mental illness .   amidst all this chaos is the life that was this young woman who is now a media spectacle ,  splayed out on a morgue slab .  her murder and subsequent dumping into the water are symbolic of what lay beneath the town of jindabyne :  a division of men and women ,  black and white ,  social and outcast .   the only other people who seem to understand some of what is going on are two young kids :  stewart and claire's son who is being led around by a half-breed aussie who's mother was killed also just a few years before .  the young girl lives with her grandparents and is trying to let go of her mother the best way she can ,  and the discovery of a new body seems  strangely enough  a method in which to accomplish this  ( again ,  the underlying current of jindabyne is surmised )  .   everything and everyone in this jindabyne township feels what lurks beneath its surface ,  yet none of them are willing to dive into the murky waters and take a look around  ( the symbolism here is seen when a nearby lake that is used for recreation and swimming is said to contain the old town of jindabyne under its surface )  .  none ,  that is ,  until claire forces them to .   the movie is interesting if a bit too convoluted .  there are far too many story lines that needed exploring and it just doesn't get done ;  too many loose threads .  the acting was okay ,  but the filming was terrible .  wobbly cameras ,  grainy or dark shots ,  and just a generalized sloppiness hurt the overall production .   i enjoy symbolic films ,  northfork being one of my all-time favorites in that vein .  but jindabyne needed to peak its head above the turbid water so that it could see its own problems ,  which simply didn't happen . 
this is an abysmal piece of story-telling .  it is about an hour into the movie before we have much idea of what it is supposed to be about ;  the characters often mumble inaudibly ;  actions frequently seem to have no relation to each other ;  nobody seems to be concerned about who actually murdered the girl ;  a pair of spooky kids go swimming in waters that seem threatening but nothing happens ;  the irishman gets punched in the face by one of his buddies for no apparent reason  .  .  .  to continue would be as boring as the movie itself .  the only half-entertaining element is the landscape photography ;  but anyone could point a camera at the australian outback a get memorable shots .  overall - dreary ,  incoherent ,  pretentious - and downright annoying for wasting so much of the viewer's time . 
i very much looked forward to this movie .  its a good family movie ;  however ,  if michael landon jr . 's editing team did a better job of editing ,  the movie would be much better .  too many scenes out of context .  i do hope there is another movie from the series ,  they're all very good .  but ,  if another one is made ,  i beg them to take better care at editing .  this story was all over the place and didn't seem to have a center .  which is unfortunate because the other movies of the series were great .  i enjoy the story of willie and missy ;  they're both great role models .  plus ,  the romantic side of the viewers always enjoy a good love story . 
just too many holes in this movie to be enjoyable and worse of all a bizarre almost hollywood-like ending that is completely out of context with the rest of the movie  ( this is not a spoiler as you will never guess how it ends !  )  .   you will also need to be thick skinned to all sorts of politically correct undertones .  the conflict between whites and blacks was highly contrived and one sided .  i didn't understand why the author had the local black communinity behave in such an unacceptable manner ,  is he / she trying to be racist ?   a truly bizare movie .  only watch if you like to be really annoyed by holes in the plot and like to debate all the things that may or may not have supposed to have happened .   but on the positive side the filming and acting is excellent . 
having heard so many people raving about this film i thought i'd give it a go .  apart from being incredibly slow ,  which i don't mind as long as the wait is worth it ,  but it just isn't .  as many others have said there are so many inconsistencies and so much of this film just doesn't ring true .  the reaction of the 4 men switches from shock ,  horror on finding the body to complete indifference whilst they fish .  surely if they were the type of men that would go on happily fishing ,  then they would have just reported the body and said they had only discovered it after their fishing trip .  .  .  . why on earth tie the body to a tree ,  go fishing and then tell everyone you found the body 2 days previously ?  its so hard to watch a film knowing that the behaviour of the main characters is so inconsistent .  as for the rest of the townsfolk ,  well you'd think at least one of them might show some curiosity about who actually killed the woman !  the body itself ,  naked except for the knickers .  .  .  . what scenario leads to that ?  if she was raped then why still the knickers ?  if she was raped with the clothes on ,  then why remove them afterwards bar the knickers ?  if she wasn't raped ,  then why take all her clothes off bar the knickers .  .  .  . leaving yourself with evidence to dispose of ?  i truly cant think of any realistic scenario that would lead to that other than killing someone to steal their clothes so you can fill up your jumble sale stall !  oh well its watchable but only just and only because ,  despite the poor script ,  the acting is strong . 
the problems with this film are many ,  but i will try to mention the most glaring and bothersome ones .  first of all ,  while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about manhattan life ,  the reality was that everything ,  as usual in movies and tv ,  was about something bizarre ,  usually of a sexual nature .  the story lines were thin or nonexistent ,  and virtually every scene ,  camera shot ,  line of dialog ,  and expressed emotion was absolutely ,  and totally fake .  it finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing garbage that i walked out  ( something no uncommon for me in recent years .  )  i would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some wannabe auteur drop outs from some 3rd rate film studies program ,  but i believe the  ( at one time ,  pre-amelia ,  talented ) director mira nair took part in this disgusting travesty ,  so perhaps the directorial talent in america has descended en masse into the cesspool . 
i had a really hard time making it through this move .  it was extermly slow and at times wondered when the plot of the movie would actually come to life .   this movie seemed to flow to slow and i kept on wondering when it was going to end .  i am normally a person who likes a good indie file every once in a while but this did not satisfy what i was looking for .   it seemed they tried to make to much out of this movie .  at one point it seemed to turn political which i am not a big fan of in movies .  if you are looking for a slow moving movie with little to no plot then this is the right movie for you .  as for me i felt i wasted 2 hours when i could of been doing something else . 
with no fault to the actors  ( they all put on great performances )  ,  the overall story was not very well executed .  the movie opens with a great zinger :  a crazy old guy forces a young aborigine girl's car off the road .  but then ,  we're forced to endure 40 minutes of character development with an entirely new group of characters  .  .  .  and we don't know why until the 40 minutes are up .  it turns out that they are the ones who eventually discover the girl's body  .  .  .  and the story progresses from there .   while the story does pick up at that point ,  it really goes nowhere .  after 2 hours ,  i asked myself :  was there a point to this ,  or was it just to see the characters struggle with accusations of racism and stupidity of how they handled the discovery ?  the story was ultimately unsatisfying and felt unfinished .  while it is well acted ,  there's not a strong enough backbone in the film to warrant recommending it . 
there was some truth to this movie .  i remember a story reported 15 to 20 years ago of 4 fisherman finding a body in the water and they chose not to report it until their trip was finished .  i also recall they were charged with interfering with a corpse  ( or some such charge )  .  i'm not sure if it was in australia .  the viewers outside of australia must think we live in a country full of rapists and serial murders .  wolf creek and this film would encourage this perception .  the film itself reminded me of a simple plan .  but as far a being one of the best australian films ever ,  as someone claimed ,  i can't be that generous .  put it this way ,  i wouldn't bother watching it again . 
before i watched this film i read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the best films ever !  ?  ha ha scene by scene the tension grows alright .  .  .  from the annoying characters in this movie .  from the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy ,  to the killer just running about without any notice  ( and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy !  ?  )  .  . things just seem to happen and then go unanswered in this film .  as i watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction ,  then just doesn't go anywhere ,  but into a new direction .  .  . and on and on .  .  .   the acting is great ,  but the writing is horrible .  each character ,  in each scene ,  says or does something so unbelievable ,  unrealistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply strange .  there are no resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film ,  making it confusing and ultimately a big waste of time . 
this isn't art ,  it's inner-urban ,  politically-correct propaganda !  jindabyne's political intolerance is beyond unforgivable .  .  .  it doesn't see people as individuals ,  but rather ,  as members of categories .   this is the most patronisingly offensive australian movie i can recall ever  ( and it's up against some pretty stiff competition !  )  .  a message movie ,  every tired theme beloved of the trendy left is there :  aborigines are victims ;  white men are violent or alcoholics ;  white women aren't that bad -particularly if they are lesbians - but they're most likely of a depressive nature .   four men who go away fishing ,  find the body of a murdered woman  ( aboriginal ,  naturally )  and leave her in the river for several days while they catch trout .  it's a strange decision taken with almost no discussion ,  as if the men are animals .  the one man who briefly demurs is the goodie .  .  .  we know this because he's living with a bisexual woman - he likes to hold his baby a lot - and eventually moves to a more fashionable costal location  ( away from all these beastly bush-dwellers )  .   this is a film made by those trendy urbanites who live in fear of the australian landscape and those evil rednecks who reside within .  it's ignorance of country life is almost as shocking as its contempt .  the film is shot through with long-distance views of the bush backed by foreboding ,  mysterious music .  it's made very clear by the end that aboriginal people are the only ones at home in this landscape .  it concludes with an excruciatingly implausible scene of black-white reconciliation .   in jindabyne ,  country life is reduced to little more than a backdrop for a story that by implication proclaims the superiority of the values of enlightened leftist urban dwellers over those of other australians .   this film was not made by people with real jobs but funded by the government's film finance corporation .  it's a product of the artsy set ,  that soulless void populated by the beautiful people for whom lavish government funding sustains these patronisingly offensive projects  ( which are as detached from real life as possible )  ,  as opposed to actually making popular films people want to see .  it doesn't matter if the film is a stinker ,  they still get paid .   spare yourself from wasting time ,  avoid it like the plague .  more jaded social commentary than actual entertainment ,  this film deserves to pan ! 
this film is terrible .  i was really looking forward to it ,  as i thought  " lantana "  was great .   the following review may contain *spoilers*  *****  first ,  the good things :  it looks great ,  some of the performances are ok .  the bad things are everything else about it .    the story ,  as you possibly know ,  is about some blokes who go fishing and discover a body ,  with the twist that they find it on friday but continue fishing and finally report it on sunday when they get back into mobile  ( cell phone )  range .  however the film takes it's time  ( boy does it take its time )  getting to this central event .   of the ensemble of characters  ( about a dozen )  ,  not one seems to like another one  ( which is ,  i suppose ,  consistent ,  because they are all unlikable )  .  i was extremely frustrated by the failure to adequately explain how the characters are related ,  and it was not until near the end of the movie that i could vaguely construct the family tree .    it's hard to think of a film us unrelentingly grim ,  which is a failure in the structure of the story ,  as the character's lives seem just as bad before the fishing trip as after .  once you've set the bar so high ,  it's hard to up-it short of everyone committing suicide .   there are silly lapses in logic .  the killer dumps the body in the lake ,  and then it somehow drifts miles upstream into the mountains .  the fishermen walk out sunday morning ,  but for some reason byrne gets home late at night after his wife has gone to bed .  then first thing the next morning the cops bang on the door to get him to come down to the station .  um ,  they haven't heard of the telephone ?  down at the station ,  the media know the whole story ,  less than 24 hours after they reported the body ?   totally missing from the story is the debate the blokes surely had after they find the body .  this is a mystery - everyone asks them  " how could you do that ?  "  and the audience is asking the same question .   ( the debate about what to do with the body is the key scene in  " deliverance "  )  .  i know exactly what i'd do in their situation .  someone needs to walk out to the car ,  drive to mobile range ,  call the cops ,  wait ,  and them guide them back to the location .  if the others wait at camp and fish ,  who cares ?   a lot of all this just seems false .  the only thing that rung true was that ,  as the girl was black ,  the local aboriginals seized on the fishermen's actions as racist -  " wouldn't have done it if it was a white girl .  "    throughout there is a curious indifference to who might have killed the girl  ( i think the subject is mentioned once )  ,  and there is no mystery ,  as the audience sees the killer in the opening scene .   so i'm sitting there simultaneously bored and confused ,  when there's a twist - not in the plot ,  but the theme .  suddenly it becomes about the quiet dignity of the bereaved aboriginals leading to a ludicrous ending with some incoherent stuff about black-white reconciliation .  huh ?   this is australian film  " at its finest "  ,  according to the age . 
there are similarities between ray lawrence's  " jindabyne "  and his last movie  " lantana "   a dead body and its repercussions for already dysfunctional lives .  but whereas  " lantana "  offered some hope and resolution ,   " jindabyne "  leaves everything unresolved in a bleak way that will leave most viewers unsatisfied ,  perhaps even cheated .   the storyline - the aftermath of a fisherman's discovery of a corpse floating in a remote river - is based on a short story by raymond carver .  it became an element in robert altman's classic 1993 ensemble  " short cuts "  .  lawrence uses this theme for an exploration and exposition of relationships within a small australian community under stress .  the movie poses some moral questions  " would you let the discovery of a dead body ruin your good weekend ?  "  and more poignantly for australians  " would it make any difference if the dead person was an aboriginal ?  "  the acting ,  especially by gabriel byrne and laura linney ,  is commendable .  and there are elements of mysticism reinforced by haunting music ,  not unlike  " picnic at hanging rock "  .   if all this sounds like the basis for a great movie - be prepared for a let down ,  the pace is very slow and the murder is shown near the beginning ,  thereby eliminating the element of mystery .  and so we are left with these desolate lives and a blank finale . 
nice attempt and good ideas  ( redemption of the prostitute ,  human beings helping each other out ,  .  .  .  )  but a poor result .  .  .  the director obviously tried to emulate his french colleague tran anh hung by recreating an ambiance which is suppose to portray viet nam .  .  .  the only problem is that this viet nam is long gone and when  " the scent of the green papaya "  had a historical background .  .  .  trying to project this kind of ambiance  ( muffled sounds and the slow pace of life .  .  .  )  on modern days leaves a feeling of fake .  besides it rapidly creates a sentiment of boredom and the outcome becomes too obvious .   i can only suppose the action takes place in saigon or da nang because that is where harvey keitel ,  ex-marine in the movie ,  was probably stationed during the war .  .  .  but in southern viet nam nobody or very few people speak with the clip northern accent displayed by the actors .  .  .  seriously odd even for a bad vietnamese speaker .   an old poet with leprosy .  .  . very doubtful  ( not a disease for people of his condition )  ,  a peasant girl who can read and write elaborate vietnamese poetry ,  .  .  .  even more doubtful .  .  .    
here goes the perfect example of what not to do when you have a great idea .  that is the problem isn't ?  the concept is fresh and full of potential ,  but the script and the execution of it lacks any real substance .  it should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions ,  get you interested and invested in the characters .  this movie doesn't have what it takes to take off and sustain flight ,  and here is why .  first you don't really care about the characters because they are not presented in a way that people can relate to ,  i mean this is not superman or mission impossible here ,  it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation .  they are not believable in the way they act and interact .  example  :  jeffrey combs as a cop over chewing is gum ,  frowning and looking intense all the time isn't the way to go here .  i mean what is that ?  ,  he looks like he's on the toilet or something .  i loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic ,  unappreciated medical genius was right on the money .  but not for this ,  he tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but in a still mild neurotic manner ,  it's not natural ,  i'm surprised he didn't dislocate his jaw during filming .  the movie is basically on life support ,  it barely has a pulse and it kept me waiting for something that would never come . 
parasomnia has an interesting premises ,  but the story is poorly done without any tension or even a logical approach .  the cast in unconvincing ,  even patrick kilpatrick ,  who played great roles in movies like scanner cop 2 ,  open fire ,  under siege 2 and eraser .  the rest of the cast is unknown  ( and not very good )  with the exception of jeffrey combs .   ( herbert west from the great re-animator trilogy )  .  but he can play roles like this in his sleep  ( which is a little what he does here )  .  the main problem is that the actions of the characters make no sense at all .  the story is rather dull and predictable with cheap computer effects mixed with some gory scenes ,  especially at the end .   this could have been so much better ,  i do not get the good reviews on this one .  it is below average really . 
it's somewhat telling that most of the great reviews for the film on imdb all come from people who have only reviewed one film in their entire imdb career and yes you've guessed it ,  that film is  " parasomnia "  .  i've often suspected suspiciously good reviews on imdb for what turns out to be an anything but good films as underhand marketing  ,  but it seems fairly transparent in this case .   that's not to say parasomnia is terrible ,  but it stops well short of being the good or great film it had the potential to be .   on the plus side ,  it has a great baddie in patrick kilpatrick who does a brilliant job projecting menacing and evil ,  i could easily see him having what it takes to play a truly memorable baddie on a par with hannibal lecter .  there are some beautiful visuals in the dream sequences ,  in fact if the film had decided to explore that terrain more it might have been something better .  the actual concept of devious misuse of hypnosis is great too .   although i understand suspension of disbelief is necessary for immersion in any good story ,  it's the mark of a good story that it succeeds in letting you do that .  if you find yourself being annoyed at what you find illogical or just plain silly ,  then the story is losing you and that's what kept happening to me with this film .  other reviewers have mentioned this here and i don't want to get into spoiler territory ,  but i will say the setup at the ending was particularly ludicrous and disappointing ,  not too mention the varying mental age of a character that is only supposed to have experienced a few years of life .   all in all ,  there is the germ of a great idea here in diabolically misused hypnotism ,  but sadly this film fails to realise it into anything special . 
this film is very creepy indeed .  unfortunately ,  not for the reasons the film makers would hope .   there's a mastermind serial killer too ,  but he's not what's creepy either .  he's just your standard comic book villain ,  a cross between hannibal lecter and freddie kruger ,  though with nothing particularly fresh to add to either .  incidentally ,  for even the vilest and most reprehensible of criminals ,  can they be detained chained in a stress position ,  on their feet ,  arms outstretched 24 hours a day week in week out ?  i suppose in the world that gave us abu ghraib and guantanamo bay ,  anything's possible .   no ,  what's really creepy about this film is the central character ,  danny .  this unappealing young man ,  aided and abetted it's true by some ludicrously lax security arrangements and a doctor entirely careless of any notion of professional ethics or patient confidentiality ,  wanders into the hospital room occupied by what can only be described as a highly vulnerable and defenceless young woman ,  and on the basis of nothing whatsoever  ( her chronic sleeping precludes from being able to give anything like informed consent )  imagines himself to have some sort of special relationship with her .   seemingly within days ,  he has arrogated to himself the right to abduct her ,  believing  ( completely falsely ,  as we discover )  that he is better able to care for her than anyone else ,  and within minutes of getting her back to his apartment ,  is sexually molesting her though she is  ( again due to her sleepiness )  entirely unable to consent or resist .   our suspicions as to why he would feel this connection are pretty soon confirmed .  he is of course more or less unable to form any mature adult friendships ,  let alone sexual relationships ,  so instead falls back on this essentially infantilised woman ,  who because of her permanent sleeping has a mental age corresponding to a lived experience of only a few years .  the scene where she discovers ice cream is particularly cringe-making ,  and the coyly knowing look she gives him when he gloatingly says he'll have to clean her up again causes a particular shudder of horror .  but again ,  i'm afraid ,  not that shudder of horror the film makers were hoping for ,  but a much more straightforward spasm of revulsion .  we can all see clearly what's on the end of our forks here - it's the paedophile's perfect dream of innocence ,  sexual compliance and utter dependence .  horrible ,  horrible ,  horrible .   what else have we got in this mish mash ?  twisted dreamscapes not quite as good as del toro .  the compulsory  " you need to go to the police "  argument ,  where the lead character always has a reason for not doing so even though it's the only sensible course of action .  the automaton sequence ,  much praised in the comments here ,  though completely and utterly pointless  (  " it serves no function !  "  ,  as sigourney weaver memorably protested in galaxy quest )  and looking to me just like the abominable doctor phibes rehashed in one of the saw derivatives .   jeffrey combs does his best though ,  so a star for that ,  and a couple more because you have to keep lower rankings for films that are even worse than this ,  and in general this is well-shot and competently performed . 
i watched this movie after seeing other comments on imdb ,  even convincing my wife that it was a  " unique horror movie .  "  i wanted to like this movie ,  but was unable to .   the  " love story "  was good ,  but the horror aspect was quite bad .  if the story was just about a young man who fell in love with a girl suffering from parasomnia ,  then it would have been a better movie .   the care centre stretched credulity well past the limits ,  in fact it was quite ridiculous .  the doctor happily ignors privacy laws and professionalism .  a nurse goes into a room for a routine feeding of a dangerous patient  ( without security escort )  ,  and drops the tray and runs out of the room screaming for no apparent reason .  the forensic patient  ( and the film's villain )  is tied up in a standing position fully clothed - apparently for years ?  none of it makes much sense .   the movie even had some actors that i've liked in other things ,  such as the detectives ,  but still i can't recommend this movie . 
new york ,  i love you ,  or rather should-be-titled manhattan ,  i love looking at your people in sometimes love ,  is a precise example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation .  case in point ,  look at two of the segments in the film ,  one where ethan hawke lights a cigarette for a woman on a street and proceeds to chat her up with obnoxious sexy-talk ,  and another with orlando bloom trying to score a movie with an incredulous demand from his director to read two dostoyevsky books .  while the latter isn't a great story by any stretch ,  it's at least something that has a beginning ,  middle and end ,  as the composer tries to score ,  gets dostoyevky dumped in his lap ,  and in the end gets some help  ( and maybe something more )  from a girl he's been talking to as a liaison between him and the director .  the ethan hawke scene ,  however ,  is like nothing ,  and feels like it ,  like a fluke added in or directed by a filmmaker phoning it in  ( or ,  for that matter ,  hawke with a combo of before sunrise and reality bites )  .   what's irksome about the film overall is seeing the few stories that do work really well go up against the one or two possible 'stories' and then the rest of the situations that unfold that are made to connect or overlap with one another  ( i . e .  bits involving bradley cooper ,  drea dematteo ,  hayden christensen ,  andy garcia ,  james caan ,  natalie portman ,  etc )  .  it's not even so much that the film- set practically always in *manhattan* and not the new york of queens or staten island or the bronx  ( not even ,  say ,  harlem or washington heights ) - lacks a good deal of diversity ,  since there is some .  it's the lack of imagination that one found in spades ,  for better or worse ,  in paris j'taime .  it's mostly got little to do with new york ,  except for passing references ,  and at its worst  ( the julie christie/shia labeouf segment )  it's incomprehensible on a level that is appalling .   so ,  basically ,  wait for tv ,  and do your best to dip in and out of the film - in ,  that is ,  for three scenes :  the aforementioned bloom/christina ricci segment which is charming ;  the brett ratner directed segment  ( yes ,  x-men 3 brett ratner )  with a very funny story of a teen taking a girl in a wheelchair to the prom only to come upon a great big twist ;  and eli wallach and cloris leachman as an adorable quite old couple walking along in brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary .  everything else can be missed ,  even natalie portman's directorial debut ,  and the return of a hughes brother  ( only one ,  allan )  to the screen .  a mixed bag is putting it lightly :  it's like having to search through a bag of mixed nuts full of crappy peanuts to find the few almonds left . 
i watched this knowing almost nothing about it ,  other than the brief description i read here .  after watching it i was originally going to say that the director shows promise but seems kind of amateurish ,  then i looked at the other stuff he's done to see if this was his first or second movie ,  but no ,  he did house on haunted hill and fear dot com .  he sort of missed the mark on both those movies and it was the same with this one .   the story was pretty awful too ,  could someone just fall in love with a girl because she's pretty but has the mind of a child ?  i gave it a 3 because there were some visuals that i rather enjoyed near the end but as a whole this movie is pretty terrible . 
in the tower of babel installment of the mini-series ,  the narrator describes the builders of the tower as  " the descendants of moses .  "   that's like saying george washington lived many centuries before alexander the great .   or that the light bulb was invented before the wheel .   or that the guided missile was the forerunner of the bow-and-arrow .   need i say more ?   the writers of the greatest heroes of the bible should have at least paid closer attention to the chronologies of biblical people and events . 
this u . s soap opera ,  'knots landing' has all the entertainment value of being trapped in an elevator .  every episode contained plots such as rape ,  murder ,  kidnapping and drug smuggling ,  not much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period .  as for the cast ,  i've seen better actors on a cereal box .  from the mid to late '90's ,  repeats of 'knots' stunk up u . k-gold like a mountain of mildewing nappies .  i regret to announce that i had to suffer this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously .  though since then ,  re-runs have been few and far between  ( let's hope it stays that way )  .  the only positive thing that can be said of 'knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune ,  later used as the title music for the i . t . v sitcom ,  'the upper hand' .  great legacy that ,  eh ? 
somewhere ,  buried very deep inside this film is a half-way decent movie trying to get out .  the only traces are a few early scenes in los angeles  ( in a bar and a graveyard )  and thereafter a couple of pieces of production design .  like i say ,  buried very deep .  one of the biggest challenges faced by movies involving the supernatural is how to have characters react believably in unbelievable situations .  annie mcenroe's reaction to being told that her sister  ( presumably dee wallace from the first movie )  is  ( was ?  )  a werewolf is ,  if i recall ,  along the lines of ;   " oh !  really ?  "  .  not one of the better responses to said challenge .  the non sequitirs continue as the story moves to trannsylvania in search of stirba the  ( apparently self-appointed )   " queen of the werewolves "  .  as stirba ,  sybil danning is the two best things in the movie .  yes ,  even better than the werewolf group-sex scene ,  reb brown's acting ,  and the oddly simian-looking werewolf suits .  the end credits have assumed minor legend status and are available in all their glory  ( at least until the censor finds them )  on youtube .  check them out to see why and remember ,  the whole film makes about the same amount of sense .  if you happen to catch this on us television the credits have been re-edited to replace the endlessly repeated shot of danning ripping off her top with another endlessly repeated shot of her ripping open a cloak only this time she has some kind of top on underneath .  it's a sort of absurdity ,  cherry-on-top moment which defies satire . 
this is a pretty bad movie .  but not so bad as it's reputation suggests .  the production values aren't too bad and there is the odd effective scene .  and it does have an 80's cheezoid veneer that means that it is always kind of fun .  watch out ,  too ,  for jimmy nail's brief appearance - his attempt at an american accent is so astoundingly rubbish it's fantastic .  fantastic too are sybil danning's breasts - they make a brief appearance in the movie but the scene is repeated umpteen times in the end credits in what can only be described as the 12 "  remix of sybil danning's boobs .  has to be seen to be believed .  as a horror movie it isn't scary ,  the effects are silly and christopher lee turns up to sleepwalk through his performance .  i guess he was buying a new house and needed some cash for the deposit .  the two central characters - the man and the woman - were so negligible that i have forgotten almost everything about them and i just watched this movie earlier tonight .  the werewolves are noticeably less impressive than in the original movie ,  in fact ,  bizarrely ,  they sometimes look more like badly burned apes .  the eastern european setting is quite good and the music provided by the new wave band babel ,  while being pretty terrible ,  does at least give the film some added cheese .   overall ?  good for a laugh .  not good quality but did you seriously expect it to be ?  and ,  at the very least ,  you've always got sybil's knockers . 
now this film isn't going to scare anyone ,  but it was interesting for two reasons - two big reason and a smaller one- well ,  that's three reasons ,  isn't it .   the first reason this is interesting is the special effects .  i found them to be quite interesting and somewhat spectacular .  to see the hair growing on marsha a .  hunt and sybil danning was creepy ,  especially when they were participating in a ménage à trois .   of interest ,  is the fact that this marsha hunt is the famous  " brown sugar "  of the rolling stones song ,  and that she was in the infamous nude scene in the london cast of the rock musical hair .   besides the special effects ,  there were two other points of note in this film ,  and they were brought out repeatedly during the closing credits .  i lost count ,  but i swear that sybil danning bared those points for us in the closing credits at least a dozen times and maybe many more .  theyu were the most outstanding feature of the film . 
i have always been somewhat underwhelmed by joe dante's original the howling  ( 1981 )   so i wasn't particularly interested in checking out any of its sequels ;  some time ago ,  i did catch howling iii :  the marsupials  ( 1987 )   by the same director as this one  and found it to be watchable but nothing special .   the second instalment ,  however ,  has quite a bad rep and i knew i'd have a good time watching it  if mainly to wallow in the sight of dear but pompous horror icon christopher lee squirming in the midst of it all  ( the gracefully-aged star has pathetically asserted a number of times in interviews that he hasn't appeared in horror-oriented fare since his last picture for hammer films back in 1976 !  )  .  anyway ,  this film should have borne the subtitle  " your movie is a turd "   being astoundingly inept in all departments  ( beginning with the all-important werewolf make-up )  !    the plot  ( and dialogue )  is not only terrible ,  but it has the limpest connection with dante's film  strangely enough ,  the author of the original novel gary brandner co-wrote this himself !  still ,  one of the undeniable highlights  ( er .  .  . low points )  of the film is the pointless elliptical editing  which tries to give the whole a semblance of style ,  but only serves to accentuate its embarrassment factor !  similarly phoney  ( and grating )  are the hokey transitions between scenes ,  the inane punk-rock theme song ,  and the cheapjack special-effects at the climax !    what about the characters ,  then ?  :  lee is the werewolf expert ,  naturally ,  whom everybody thinks a crackpot  until they come into contact with the monsters ,  that is ;  at the very least ,  though ,  one has to admire the makers' ingenuity  ( or gall )  in devising a stupid subtitle with a dual meaning !  incidentally ,  sybil danning  ( as stirba ,  werewolf bitch  the subtitle by which this is known in the u . k .  !  )  is quite fetching in an assortment of outrageous s&m outfits .  .  . but her character is virtually given nothing to do  ( except preside over her brood of followers and engage in the occasional hilarious three-way lycanthrope sex !  )  ;  her two snarling lieutenants  ( one of them a sluttish black girl )  are especially irritating .   aiding lee on the side of good are the two yuppie heroes  ( he being the brother of the dee wallace character from the first film and she a colleague of hers )  and a ragged guerrilla-type band of transylvians  ( still ,  they generally manage to effortlessly overcome danning's rather dumb werewolves !  )  .  notable among them is a knife-throwing dwarf who gets a particularly nasty  ( but ,  at the same time ,  side-splitting )  demise ;  he's later revived ,  under stirba's control ,  in order to lure lee  ( by making childish taunts at him all through the village streets )  into a trap .  the latter scene has to be a career nadir for the distinguished and imposing actor  well ,  either this or the early sequence in a discotheque where lee is made to don a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses so as to appear inconspicuous among the partying youngsters !   in the end ,  if i were forced to mention elements in this which weren't entirely displeasing ,  i guess i could say that the ossuary set  ( in which the heroine is to be sacrificed )  is interesting ,  or that the hybrid werewolf/bat creature  ( danning's pet who likes to 'inhabit' the body of its victims )  is just too weird to be despised .  .  . 
to be honest ,  i didn't watch all of the original 'howling' ,  but those scenes i saw made it obvious that the first howling was a great movie .  so great ,  that seven horrible sequels had to be made .  they started off with  " howling ii :  your sister is a werewolf "  .  i got this movie on vhs from my uncle sometime ago when he was giving away a bunch of old movies he bought back when atari was brand new .  i just watched it last night ,  and it wasn't really bad ,  it was just weird .  i mean ,  the whole thing with sybil danning going three-way with two of her werewolf minions was just out of place and quite disturbing  ( but kinda hot )  ,  christopher lee about to stab a dead karen as if she's a vampire ,  etc .  actually ,  this movie was actually like some sort of mish-mash of dracula and the lost boys .  .  . except with werewolves ,  because everything christopher lee  ( whom played dracula himself )  was saying about werewolves pretty much ripped off from every other vampire movie  ( stake in the heart ,  garlic ,  the creature of the night must die at night ,  and the ruler of werewolves lives in transylvania )  .  not much for the acting ,  but the worst of it came from annie mcenroe .  i swear ,  at some point in the film i found myself rooting for the werewolves to rip her throat out ,  because that damn throat always had to say something .  anyway ,  the plot is pretty silly and clichéd ,  so there's no real point in telling you ,  you could just read about it on wikipedia .  by the way ,  the thing that really makes me nauseous about this movie is the fact that it's the only film out of all the seven sequels thats related in any way to the original  ( not counting howling iv  ( 1988 )  ,  which was a remake of the original ,  or in other words ,  a sequel based on the same novel )  .  so don't see this movie .  there's no real horror ,  hardly any werewolves ,  and just horrible special fx .  3/10
an anthology is always risky business and i think this endeavor should be praised .  there's a lot of talent involved here .  a great many talented actors ,  directors and writers .  unfortunately ,  i couldn't really enjoy this movie based on three issues i had .   first of all ,  the segments vary incredibly in tone and quality .  and unfortunately some of them clash with the others .    secondly ,  several segments feel underdeveloped to me .  like seeds of good stories that never come to fruition .  i'm not talking about happy endings here  ( or even an ending period )  but rather ,  they lack even basic development or even solid setups that draw you in .    last but not least ,  i did not feel new-york and its inhabitants were properly portrayed .   what you're left with is high-brow short films that may still be of interest to some but will leave the average viewer unsatisfied . 
in the first howling ,  we are introduced to a world where werewolves exist and are somewhat organized .  the plot in that film made some sense ;  a tv reporter investigates this and attempts to uncover the truth .  she ends up having to kill many of them including her boyfriend who becomes one .  then she shows the world that they do exist by transforming on live tv .  the special effects were just laughable in the first movie and they don't get any better in this one .  whether it's the transformations or the bad puppets or the cheesy computer graphics showing the superpowers .   the plot line isn't all that bad ;  they must kill the leader of the werewolves for some reason .  this won't destroy all werewolves and it really doesn't end the threat from werewolves as it .  .  . they just want to kill her .  i think there was some cloudy reason for this but it really gets lost in the film .   after the film  " ends "  we have a 10 minute montauge of the movie we just watched and every other scene is one where the female werewolf leader rips off her top exposing her large breasts while some devo-esquire band plays to a crowd of werewolves .    the only thing that makes this movie even watchable is christopher lee . 
we had starz free weekend and i switched on the station to see what was on  .  it was this movie howling ii :  the acting was terrible but the eye candy was great .  sybil danning and marsha brown as the afore mentioned eye candy .  i was laughing a lot from the few scenes i saw .   my friends wonder why i never want to go to horror movies  ,  if they saw this film they would know why .  i would get thrown out for laughing so hard .   just a couple of trivia notes  :  reb brown who played ben white had played captain american in a made for tv movie marsha brown was mick jaggers inspiration for the song  " brown sugar "  mick has great taste in women for sure . 
yes ,  the first  " howling "  was a classic .  a rather good werewolf movie that i admit started slowly ,  but gained momentum along the way to have a rather good finish then the anchorwoman changed into a cute werewolf only to be gunned down on camera .  yes that made for an entertaining horror movie to be sure .  .  . well forget all of that as this movie has nothing to do with that film .  oh sure ,  they kind of make it out that the anchor woman is the same and that her brother or something is wanting to find out what and why things went down as they did ,  but they go from the little cozy retreat from the first movie to transylvania or somewhere here where they must battle evil magician werewolves or something .  i often wonder what in the world christopher lee was doing in this movie ,  however i read the trivia here where it says he had never been in a werewolf movie before ,  but still read the script before you take a role .  maybe you could have gotten into  " an american werewolf in london "  hell that could have been possible .  it was set in london after all .  heck ,  werewolves do not seem to figure much into this movie except for a rather bizarre and prolonged sex scene .  in fact ,  the most memorable death in this movie for me was when the one gal started talking loudly and this one dude's ear's started bleeding . 
lee hosted the 100 years of horror for ted newsom and was talking about filmic werewolves .  he said something to the effect that his only brush with lycanthropy was the howling ii ,  then he quipped ,   " the less said about that the better .  "  indeed he was right as this film may very well be the worst in his entire catalog of screen performances .  the first howling by joe dante was a groundbreaking werewolf film with its incredible special effects and its campy sense of style and subject matter .  it was a film to be taken seriously .  like other good original films ,  filmmakers for some strange reason thought that even more campy sequels were needed rather than what worked the first time ( see chud then chud ii to illustrate this point )  .  this film is miles and miles away from the first on every front .  there is absolutely nothing scary about it .  it looks cheap and is pitch black through most of the major scenes .  lee is the only actor in the film worth mentioning ( okay ,  i'll cede ferdy mayne too )  .  lee looks embarrassed as he says inane dialog and does ridiculous things ( check out that ending with him and stirba )  .  lee looks incredibly tired and knows what dreck this is which is a tad more insightful than the two leads who leave america to go to romania .  the story isn't really worth examining here ,  and you can bet there is very little story worth mentioning when you have to have stephen parsons and his band babel play through much of the film in the beginning and the ending with that dreadful noise .  sybil danning is here and ,  yes ,  she disrobes once and then we get that scene showed again and again and again - one reviewer said 17 times ( i counted ten - but might have been so bored out of my mind by that point )  .  i gave the film three stars ,  but it really deserves a zero - the three i gave it are 1 for lee and two for ms .  danning's contributions .  yuck ! 
this film is really bad , so bad that even christopher lee cannot save it . a poor story an even poorer script and just plain bad direction makes this a truly outstanding horror film , the outstanding part being that it is the only horror film that i can honestly say i would never ever watch again . this garbage make plan nine from outerspace look like oscar material . 
ben a out-of-town cop is convinced his sister was brutally killed and wants to bring her killer to justice ,  but he's approached by stefan who believes his sister was a victim of a werewolf cult .  so ben ,  his sister's best friend and stefan travel to transylvania to put a end to this evil .   this is incredibly awful b-grade stuff and i wondered how it even got released .  it makes the original 'howling' look like a masterpiece .  what was christopher lee thinking ,  as this has to be his worst performance i've seen .   there was a lot wrong with this real cheap-ass film ,  ranging from the really hammy and wooden performances from annie mcenroe ,  reb brown ,  marsha a .  hunt and sybil danning  ( not to forgot lee )  ,  cheesy fashion  ( those sunnies )  ,  cheap and lame special effects ,  bad use of lighting ,  the humour .  .  .  if there was any ,  trashy 80s music  ( with some of the film just focusing on some unknown band playing )  ,  werewolf's having orgies which is a sight to see and a tiresome story with flat and annoying dialogue .  i thought if it was that bad it would be awfully funny ,  but i was wrong .    the positives were the location and settings of the film looked great ,  but that's about it .  .  .  actually i'll add sybil danning short stripping scene too .   during the end credits the band plays their crap-house song during a weird montage of scenes from the film ,  which i beckon the question why ?   an awful piece of mess ,  however at least it isn't boring .   1/5
ugly shot ,  poorly scripted and amateurishly paced sequel to joe dante's 1981 classic .   " the howling "  is one of the two or three only good werewolf-films ever made and yet it got 'rewarded' by a series of obnoxious and unendurable sequels like this one .  if it's any consolation ,   " stirba "  is a sequel in name only and there's absolutely no connection with the characters or events that were introduced in dante's film .  the plot here revolves on a bloodthirsty cult of transsylvanian werewolves  primarily female ones  led by stirba .  stirba is played by sybil danning who transforms from a curvy old lady into a blond super-babe  ( with impressive bosom )  in the blink of an eye and becomes all hairy when sexually aroused .  her arch-enemy is played by a seemly fatigue christopher lee .  his character  stefan crosscoe  is an occult investigator who travels to stirba's kingdom ,  accompanied by an american couple who lost their friend to the werewolf cult .  in case you're exclusively looking for filthy gore and gratuitous nudity .  .  . this is your film .  even the smallest killing is shown in great detail and we're even treated to exploding eyeballs and the vile image of a dwarf who gets pierced on a pointy fence .  however ,  if you want a little substance or depth ,  you'll be sorely disappointed .  the dialogues are embarrassing and there's absolutely no tension to detect anywhere .  the scriptwriters constantly seem to confuse werewolves with vampires  ( the transsylvanian setting ,  garlic ,  wooden stakes .  .  .  )  and danning's gorgeous balcony is shamelessly exploited as the film's only gimmick .  during the end-credits ,  a shot in which she rips off her top ,  is re-edited repeatedly  ( according to my fellow reviewer dr .  gore ,  no less than seventeen times !  )  which is pretty pathetic and pointless .  the music is okay and some of the scenery is rather beautiful .  i'm talking about the fierce-looking statues during the opening credits and the dark dungeons of stirba's castle .  the directing by philippe mora is a giant mess and  as far as i'm concerned  his only worthwhile film remains  " the beast within "  ,  released three years earlier . 
ok ,  as everyone has pointed out ,  this film is a complete dog .  to some degree this is because it was a gory sexploitation film that had a lot of material excised  ( or darkened down to near invisibility )  to escape the censor's x-rating ;  but the film has many other flaws as well .   to begin with ,  the scriptwriter seems to have got his werewolves and vampires mixed up .  the baddies in this film are furry and don't like silver but in every other respect they behave like vampires .  now you just can't do that with a crappy genre flick ,  you've got to stick to the rules of the genre or the fans get all confused and annoyed by suspending disbelief in the wrong thing .  in fact the whole  ( confusing and poorly presented )  plot is something that has already been done for vampires ,  but doesn't make any sense in a werewolf movie .   secondly ,  the werewolf costumes are the lamest you have ever seen .  anybody in the werewolf movie business ought to know that the werewolf costumes and transformations are something the fans assess critically ,  yet some of these werewolves are just plain goofy .   there are a couple of slightly good bits .  i actually quite liked the score .  others have mentioned sybil danning's tits .  and .  .  .    ( ***spoiler*** ,  if such a thing can exist )   i also quite liked the plan for attacking the werewolves' stronghold .  there are so many horror movies that rely on characters behaving stupidly ,  but in this case they first acquire a very sensible and effective anti-werewolf arsenal and go slaughter the monsters .  i mean ,  you can kill werewolves with silver bullets ,  and we have some pretty powerful firearms these days .  shouldn't be too hard to put two and two together ,  hmm ?  but in typical style this movie goes over the top and adds some other very zany and amusing anti-lycanthrope weapons . 
dreadful horror sequel to  " the howling "  .  this picks off with karen white's funeral  ( she was killed at the end of the first film )  .  stefan crosscoe  ( christopher lee sadly )  arrives there and tells karen's brother ben  ( reb brown )  that karen was a werewolf .  he's going to transylvania to kill striba  ( sybil danning )  the head werewolf .  ben and a coworker of karens  ( annie mcenroe )  join him .   a terrible script ,  bad direction ,  inept editing and truly horrendous acting by brown and mcenroe single handedly sink this one .  the werewolf effects are mostly kept in the dark--for good reason !  they're terrible when you see them .  subpar special effects also--although i did like the cartoon lightning that comes from danning's fingers .  there's also a werewolf orgy which is particularly stupid and danning takes off her top at least eight times during the closing credits !    there are a few good things--i found the village in transylvania amusing--it looks like it came from a universal horror flick from the 1930s !  there are interesting camera tricks between transition scenes ;  brown and mcenroe have good bodies and lee and danning are good in this--but they can't save it .  really--why did they do this ?  where that they hard up for money ?  ?  ?  this is one of imdb's lowest rated movies .  that alone should tell you something .  supposedly danning was horrified when she saw the movie--i can understand why !  a must-miss . 
a few years back the same persons who created paris , j'taime .  ,  which was imperfect but very enjoyable  (  my rating was a 7 )  ,  created this piece of garbage about new york city .   in paris ,  i love you  ( j'taime ) created a feeling for paris & it was made in many parts of beautiful paris .   in this current film ,  i did not recognize new york city ,  i did not feel that i was in the city of my birth .   new york does have 5 boroughs , i saw no scenes in the bronx ,  or queens  , there is one scene in brooklyn ,  ( brighton beach )  ,  i saw no scenes in times square or greenwich village/ no scenes of the beautiful hotels or theatres .  it does have a large cast , most of the performers were not even stereotypes ,  they were caricatures of the lowest sort .   the very few humorous moments are all of a course sexual nature or quite insulting to the many fine new yorkers that we all know & love .  .    a few of the films nominated for the 'razzie' awards were far better .   ratings :  *  ( out of 4 )  20 points  ( out of 100 )  imdb 1  ( out of 10 )   in my way of thinking i think the title should have been  new york ,  i hate you . 
from the moment christopher lee puts on a pair of punk sunglasses and tries to sneak into a punk rock club ,  you know you've got a stinker on your hands !  this film had potential .  beneath all of the sludge there are the remnants of what could have been crafted into a decent film ,  if not an interesting one .  the final product is a real mess ,  however .  aside from the gratuitous nudity and some very attractive women ,  howling ii winds up being a laughable excuse for a horror film .  christopher lee gives it a nugget of credibility ,  but even he cannot raise it above the level of crap .   having never seen any of the other films in this series ,  this critic will be forced to accept on face value that this is a genuine continuation of the events in part one .  we start off at a funeral for one of the characters from the original ,  and within the first ten minutes we find ourselves in transylvania with a small group of heroes ready to battle a coven of werewolves .  the film is paced fairly well ,  and there are not too many dead spots .  the action is there ;  it just isn't filmed well .  one bright spot is the music of a punk band called babel .  though their song is played quite often ,  it is rather catchy .   the problems with this film are great in number .  first off ,  the acting is worse than pitiful .  christopher lee is good enough ,  but that's where it ends .  the two leads reb brown and annie mcenroe are lacking in just about everything you'd want for such characters .  the writing is wretched ,  the editing redundant ,  and the direction amateurish .  there are a couple nice special effect gimmicks ,  but the cheesy ones far out weigh them in number .  sybil danning is nice to look at ,  but her acting performance is less than satisfactory .  judd omen looks the part he plays ,  but his voice and acting are unconvincing to say the least .  much of the dialog is in an unintelligible language that may or may not be latin .   i liked the general idea for the story .  i always enjoy stories of true believers out to battle seemingly invincible forces of evil .  one scene where a small group of good guys are trekking through a dark forest and shooting down a bunch of werewolves is even kind of exciting .  kind of .  maybe a bigger budget or a better director could have made the rest of the film a bit more compelling .  3 of 10 stars .   the hound .   side note :  as of this writing ,  the censors at youtube . com have still not taken down the ending credits with sybil danning ripping off her top several times while the babel song is playing !  catch it while you can ! 
howling ii  ( 1985 )  was a complete 180 from the first film .  whilst the first film was campy and creepy .  the second one was sleazy and cheesy .  the production values on this one are pretty bad and the acting is atrocious .  the brother of the anchorwoman werewolf from part one wants to find out what happened to his sis' .  the  " scene "  from the first film was badly re-created .  a skinny plain looking woman accompanies bro'  ( reb brown )  to the old country  ( romania )  to uncover the mystery to her sister's murder/transformation/death .  christopher lee appears and disappears over now and then as sort of a sage/guide to the two .  sybil danning and her two biggest assets appear as stirba ,  the head werewolf of the romania .  she also suffers from a bad case of morning face ,  ewww !   bad movie .  there's nothing good about this stinker .  i'm surprise philippe mora directed this picture because he's usually a good film-maker .  the film is so dark that you need a flashlight to watch it  ( no ,  not the content but the film stock itself )  .  to round the movie off you get a lousy  " punk "  performance from a damned wannabe  " babel "  .  maybe if they forked over a couple of extra bucks they could've got the real deal instead of an imitation .   best to avoid unless you're desperate or you lost the remote and you're too lazy to change the channel . 
after watching this ,  i had lost a little respect for christopher lee  ( this has passed over time )  .  this film was utter garbage .  first ,  they tried to recreate the ending from the first  " howling ,  "  with incredibly bad make-up .  then they try to turn it into a sad excuse of a werewolf porn film !  the plot sucks and the whole film is just awful !  !  !  !  a brother of a werewolf victim from the first film  ( from the look of it ,  it was supposed to be dee wallace stone ) teams up with lee and another woman to destroy the group of werewolves ,  lead by sybil danning ,  who seems to be naked all the time .   this is not even worth renting  ( unless you want to waste your time and money watching the nudity .  )  .  try to catch it on cable instead .  it would be so chopped up ,  it may actually make sense . 
the howling ii starts as it means to go on with a bizarre and surreal opening narration by christopher lee whose image is imposed over a moving star field ,  oh and a skeleton appears as well for some reason .  he says  " for it's written the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with her blood .  and i saw her sip upon a hairy beast and she held forth a golden challis full of the filthiest fornication's and upon her forehead was written ,  behold i am the great mother of #an inaudible word i couldn't make out no matter how many times i rewound the tape and tried to ,  sorry# and all abominations of the earth "  .  this opening narration means nothing at all and is just downright bizarre .  after the opening credits which are set over shots of transylvanian architecture we get an on screen caption that informs us we're in 'los angeles ,  california u . s . a .  city of the angels' .  i knew i was in for a long 86 minutes .  it's probably not too long after the events of the original howling  ( 1981 )  and it's karen white's funeral .  after the ceremony karen's brother ben  ( reb brown )  is spoken to by an 'occult investigator' called stefan crosscoe  ( christopher lee )  who says that karen is a werewolf and that she will come back to life .  ben dismisses such nonsense .  but together with one of karen's friends and colleagues jenny  ( annie mcenroe )  he visits stefan at his home .  there stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed ,  he mentions stirba  ( sybil danning )  who is the queen of werewolves .  stefan also shows them a photograph taken at karen's funeral of a woman named mariana  ( marsha a .  hunt )  and that she is an extremely vicious and dangerous werewolf who wants karen .  stefan says he will stake any werewoves through the heart with titanium .  ben figures out that stefan means he will stake karen as well so together with jenny he travels to the graveyard where his sister's crypt is to stop stefan .  however lots of werewolves turn up and attack stefan ,  ben and jenny .  they survive the attack and manage to find out that stirba is to be found in transylvania .  they all decide to travel to transylvania and stop stirba and her werewolves from taking over the earth by fulfilling a centuries old curse .  once there they travel to a small town called vlkava which means 'where wolves live' and meet up with the local priest ,  father florin  ( ladislav krecmer )  and his small but loyal group of werewolf hunters ,  hey what else can i call them ?  oh ,  and a dwarf named florica  ( ludmila safarova )  helps too .  they follow mariana who they hope will lead them to stirba .  but stirba knows of stefan's arrival and has plans for him ben and jenny .  will stefan be able to put an end to stirba's plans for world domination ?  will this film get any more bizarre or surreal ?  watch it and find out .  directed by philippe mora this is one strange mess of a film .  it's poorly edited as certain sequences just jump around incoherently .  the single biggest problem is the script by robert sano and gary brandner based on his novel which is all over the place and doesn't make any sort of sense or introduces us to any proper characters that we like .  luckily it moves along like a rocket and is never dull or boring ,  unlike the original .  something strange or bizarre is always happening to keep the viewer entertained .  most people will probably hate it ,  but for those of us who enjoy 'bad' films this is right up there with the best of them .  there are werewolf orgies which are just freaky to watch .  we get some cool werewolf killing weaponry .  the sets and locations just seem so out of place and i don't know if this was actually shot in transylvania but it doesn't look like what i thought mid 80's transylvania would .  stirba's castle is part dungeon ,  part gothic castle and part modern luxury house .  stirba and her servant's costumes are very over-the-top ,  stirba wears an outfit that looks like it belongs in a s/m video and to be fair to her she looks pretty sexy ,  and her minions wear skimpy leather clothing too .  the special make-up effects range from good to poor ,  a dwarf's eyes explode ,  someone has their hand ripped off and a priest has some creature emerge from his mouth but this isn't a film loaded with gore ,  although there are plenty of effect sequences with werewolf transformations and attacks .  there is plenty of nudity as well as stirba and her minions are a real randy bunch of werewolves !  i should also mention the music ,  the soundtrack is dominated by awful rock music that i hated and i ended up turning the volume down .  acting is weak all round and what on earth was christopher lee thinking about when he accepted this film ?  !  i wonder what he thinks of it .  basically the whole thing is a real mess ,  but i found it a fairly entertaining mess all the same .  impossible to recommend but it kept me watching through to the end .  speaking of which the end credits run over what appears to be deleted scenes and cut footage ,  it also features the same shot of sybil danning taking her dress off and exposing her breasts probably in excess of 20 times !  if that's your thing . 
in theory ,  'director's commentary' should have worked .  the talented rob bryden plays peter delane ,  a former television director recounting his experiences behind the camera .  amongst the programmes he is alleged to have worked on are 'bonanza' ,  'flambards' ,  'the duchess of duke street' ,  and 'the bounder' .  his commentaries are not the least bit informative ,  due to his habit of wandering off the point .   but in practice ,  it failed dismally .  it is a one-joke show ,  and the joke is not particularly funny .  the scripts are completely lacking in wit ,  and bryden fails to convince as an old man .  whenever stuck for anything amusing to say ,  which is like every five seconds ,  he issues a hissing laugh .  rather than being amused by delane ,  you want to shoot him .  if senile old men strike you as hilarious ,  then this is for you .   it didn't help that the shows mocked were ,  with the exceptions of 'mr & mrs' and 'crossroads' ,  rather good .  for the joke to work ,  they needed to be really dreadful such as 'charlie's angels' ,  'o . t . t . ' ,  'telly addicts' ,  'neighbours' ,  and 'new faces' .   the show tanked big time ,  so thankfully we are spared the horror of future editions .  wouldn't it be deliciously ironic if 'director's commentary' were someday itself the subject of a spoof ? 
this film ,  by oscar petersson ,  is unique .  its uniqueness doesn't lie in the story ,  since many a half brained hollywood production has served us comparably miserable plots ,  but rather in the thorough way that complete and utter lousiness in one aspect is joined with equal lousiness in all other aspects .   the dialog is worse than embarrassing .  rotten acting and abysmal direction are thrown into the mix .  bosnians speaking english with heavy swedish accents add an unintentional element of humor .  uninspired lightning and camera-work are icing on the turkey film cake .  as a sort of surprise for the audience ,  there are a few completely unmotivated slow motion sequences where you'd least expect any .  to add insult to injury ,  the whole thing is cut by someone devoid of any sense of timing .   the  " bad guy henchman turns good after hearing good guy's speech "  scene in the church ,  is the point at which is time to dethrone ed wood from the position as the worst director of all times ;  move over ed wood - here comes oscar petersson ! 
absolutely one of the worst movies i have ever seen !  the acting ,  the dialog ,  the manuscript ,  the sound ,  the lighting ,  the plot line .  i actually can't say anything positive about this ,  although i enjoy swedish movies .  the fighting scenes are so ridiculous that it's impossible to take it seriously .  and when the lead character just happens to loose his shirt ,  while dodging bullets in a strip bar ,  i'm not sure if it's supposed to be a joke ,  or if someone really thinks these are ingredients in a good film ?  !  regina lund is the only half descent actor ,  but she disappears in a flood of laughable pronunciations and unbelievable reactions .  it leaves you horrified that someone actually spent time and money on something like this .  .  . 
with the releasing of  " farligt förflutet "  swedish film industry has truly hit rock bottom .  stefan  ( jens hultén )  has for the past years lived a calm life with his wife marie  ( regina lund )  .  one day an old friend of stefan´s arrives with a favor to ask him .  stefan is to do a small courier job .  he is supposed to bring a suitcase filled with heroine through the sweden-germany customs .  unfortunately things in germany don´t work out as planned and stefan is now in big trouble .  it is always nice to see a swedish film that breaks the traditional family-drama pattern .  unfortunately if the people involved in the production have no clue of how a movie is supposed to be written ,  filmed or cut the result can only be catastrophic .  the content can be concluded with :  bad acting ,  an incoherent plot and idiotic dialogs .  the only highlight in the movie is the unprovoked sex-scene wit the incredibly beautiful regina lund .  this lasts for only a few seconds leaving approxamitly 90 minutes of pure ,  let´s say what it truly is ,  crap . 
stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to marie .  their marriage has been stable until stefan past catch up with them and he's offered to do a courier job .  stefan's job is a heroin delivery from germany to sweden which should go easily .   in germany stefan meet elli ,  a girl from bosnia that has been sold to a stripclub owner .  stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help elli out of her misery .  due to the fact that elli's father during the war fleed to sweden elli now goes with stefan to sweden .  to make up with the past stefan promises elli to help her find her father ,  no matter what it takes .  finally back in sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than stefan ever thought of .  .   this movie doesn't seem to fit in the ordinary class of swedish movies due to the fact that it's been americanized alot .  regina lund and cecilia bergqvist makes it all average ,  the effects makes the movie a little too much though .  see it and jugde for yourself .   
i view probably 200 movies a year both at theaters and at home and i can say with confidence that this movie is by far the worst i have seen this year  ( if not ever ,  however i have not actually seen  " quest of the delta knights "  yet )  .  this movie is just bad joke after bad joke geared to the 13 year old and because i had he displeasure of viewing it on a bus trip i couldn't walk out .   do yourself a favor and skip this one in the rental aisle .  the four dollars could be better spent on any movie by numbers produced by jerry bruckheimer . 
major payne was really not very good at all .  despite being funny here and there ,  the story was ridiculous and the acting was poor .  major payne's voice and temperament were especially annoying .  the idea was ridiculous and the things that the boys had to do in that film were even more ridiculous .  i would not recommend this film to anyone . 
did anyone stop to realise what sort of movie they were producing here  ?  now let`s a former marine officer becomes assinged to a group of kids at a cadet school so this should be a family comedy right  ?  wrong  .  this is just a gross comedy aimed at teenagers with many bad taste moments  . it might have been watchable in an extremely dumb way at this point but i found damon wayans voice to be irritating beyond belief  .  does he speak like that in real life  ?  if he does then he has my sympathy but he won`t be getting any of my money from watching his movies
following the success of  " paris ,  je t'aime "  ,  a group of directors decided to get together and make a similar anthology style film based in new york .  unlike the original film ,  the stories in this film seem to sometimes come and go too quickly--by the time you think are getting into a story ,  it's over in too many cases .  and ,  the often start up and stop and then begin again--with the stories woven together .  as a result ,  there is no title to indicate that a story is complete and it is less formal in structure .   sadly ,  however ,  while  " paris ,  je t'aime "  was hit or miss  ( mostly hit )  ,  most of  " new york ,  i love you "  was miss .  the stories tended to be much more sexual in nature but also far less sweet--and often quite terrible .  it was an amazingly dull and uninteresting film with only a few exceptional stories--and perhaps the often depressing music made it seem more so .  now understand ,  it was good quality music but its somber tone really ,  really made me feel like cutting my wrists !  among the better ones was the story about the young man who took a girl in a wheelchair to prom ,  the couple talking about cheating outside a restaurant  ( though this was also in the first film )  and the crotchety old couple .  this is all so sad because i had loved the first film so much--and i really wanted to love this film .  i respected what they tried but simply didn't like it very much .   by the way ,  and this is not really a complaint ,  but i was amazed how many people were smoking in the film .  for a recent film ,  that was unusual in our more anti-smoking culture .   also ,  if you get the dvd ,  there are two segments included as extras that were not included in the film .  one consists of kevin bacon  ( wearing a cool fedora )  eating a hotdog .  .  .  . and absolutely nothing more for almost ten minutes .  the other features a teen who spends the film videotaping the world--including a very unhappy couple . 
but there are not too many of them .  probably the worst  " major release "  film i have seen in my life .  definitely the worst for this year .  there is no point in commenting on the plot ,  the cast or the acting .  the problem is beyond all that .  it lays in the absolute stupidity of the annoying kind  ( not the funny kind )  of everything that takes place on the screen .  i don't know why i gave it a 2/10 instead of 1/10 .  probably ,  because of steven martini .  he really did try .  bottom line - 95 minutes washed down the toilet along with a few brain cells .  avoid at any cost . 
if this is someone's  " favorite "  movie ,  they need some serious help .  there is nothing funny or clever about this crapfest .  i haven't seen the original movie this is the remake of  ( some 1950s film )  ,  but it simply has to be better than this newer bastardization .   a major gets kicked out of the military for being a fringe element ,  and winds up teaching children at an rotc school .  unfortunately ,  the major is daman wayans .  .  .  so the children are in for a world of annoying ,  humorless asininity .  can wayans whip these losers into shape ?  can they get him to become a little more human ?  the film bombs as most wayans films do ,  with only a few sparkling moments .  william hickey gets about one minute of screen time ,  fair too little .  this charming old man  ( known best to me as a  " tales from the crypt "  actor ,  known best to you as uncle louis from  " christmas vacation "  )  shines every moment he's on screen ,  which isn't much here .   bam bam bigelow also makes an appearance as a biker ,  which fits him perfectly .  i wouldn't mind slightly more bam bam ,  but i think he carried the role of  " biker "  about as far as it could be carried for a military film .   and then there's the attractive teacher ,  who someone falls for major payne even though he treats the kids poorly ,  has no social skills and is simply impossible to convert into someone you would want to spend time with .  she must either be incredibly stupid or incredibly desperate .  i'm not sure which  ( though it would seem  " stupid "  since the movie makes it clear she gets out of the house often enough )  .   wayans had one shining moment :  a dance sequence where he performs a series of moves  ( including a very nice  " robot "  )  ,  and with the help of music from 2 live crew .  this scene was enjoyable but hardly made up for anything else that made this film dog spittle .   seriously ,  avoid this film .  if you want to see a film a bout a loser who helps loser kids become heroes ,  rent or buy  " ernest goes to camp "  .  at least he's a lovable loser ,  and actually funny .  maybe if major payne had fought a badger i'd feel better ,  but he didn't .  forget payne ,  forget wayans .  .  .  you can do so much better . 
sort of family parody blending  " an officer and a gentleman "  ,   " heartbreak ridge "  ,   " full metal jacket "   ( and without doubt other movies i am not able to remember now )  into a rather dull movie ,  with some bright spots .  the gags are always there where you would expect them ,  and damon wayans's lines are ,  well ,  predictable .  as i said ,  unfortunately this movie never surprises you .  .  . 
'major payne' is a film about a major who makes life a living hell for his small group of boys in the marines .  this film does not really have a lot to offer ,  but it provides several hilarious moments that are well-worth a watch .  don't expect it to be a memorable film ,  however .  just expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people .  the confrontation between major payne and the chubby boy were hilarious ,  and that's really all i remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on major payne .  again ,  it is not a great film ,  and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter . 
judy holliday struck gold in 1950 withe george cukor's film version of  " born yesterday ,  "  and from that point forward ,  her career consisted of trying to find material good enough to allow her to strike gold again .   it never happened .  in  " it should happen to you "   ( i can't think of a blander title ,  by the way )  ,  holliday does yet one more variation on the dumb blonde who's maybe not so dumb after all ,  but everything about this movie feels warmed over and half hearted .  even jack lemmon ,  in what i believe was his first film role ,  can't muster up enough energy to enliven this recycled comedy .  the audience knows how the movie will end virtually from the beginning ,  so mostly it just sits around waiting for the film to catch up .   maybe if you're enamored of holliday you'll enjoy this ;  otherwise i wouldn't bother .   grade :  c
i think cliff robertson certainly was one of our finest actors .  he has a half dozen classics to his credit .  he does fine here as the heavy ,  but the direction is so bad and the pacing so tiresome ,  it never gets off the mark .  the story starts off well although it makes me wonder how he could count on his wife hanging herself .  still he mugs well and carries things along .  the death knell is twofold .  first of all ,  if we were to take the amount of time characters spend walking from one room to another or one part of the house to another ,  it would eat up about a third of the movie .  add to that ,  robertson's character sitting up in bed in the blue light ,  looking confused ,  that might add another chunk .  i agree with those that said a half hour shorter would have made it a pretty decent ,  though insignificant film .  the biggest weakness is just a convoluted plot that ,  when all is said and done ,  leaves incredible questions .  i'm not putting in spoilers ,  but when it ends ,  don't think too much .  i can come up with ten what-ifs without raising a sweat .  it would have been better if it had remained a ghost story . 
this movie was o . k .  but it could have been much better .  there are some spooky moments but there aren't enough of them to make me ever want to see this movie again .  there are some scenes you could fast forward through & not miss anything .  the biggest flaw is that it is so predictable ,  & that is the reason why i rated it so low .  it's watchable but don't expect anything great . 
the character acting is a little stiff ,  as if it is the first time man of the actors have appeared on screen .  unfortunately one of the better actresses ,  jean simmons  ( played many bit roles on tv ,  like in star trek tng and in the heat of the night )  ,  dies quickly and thereafter her acting can be markedly missed .   the lead role is mr ballard ,  as portrayed by cliff robertson .  cliff is forced to carry this movie with his body language for most of the time .  he doesn't do a poor job ,  but it is a little overmuch to ask of an actor to plug the oceans of blank screen time during which the characters spend their time not talking and also not acting .  robertson's most memorable role may have been ben parker in the last 3 spider man movies  ( starring tobey maguire )  .   the plot is predictable .  a husband murders his rich wife for her money .  thereafter the wife seems to comeback and haunt the husband driving him insane until he leaps from a high window  ( fearing the specter of his dead wife approaching him )  on the day he is predicted to die no less .   the second chauffeur mr ballard hires looks a lot like an english mark hamill .  uncanny really !  the only thing that stands out is the utter disregard for dialogue .  many minutes pass in quietness ,  no one speaks ,  and few act .  it is a shame the mst3k guys never got hold of this movie .  it could have been much better ,  if not just as predictable ,  with more dialogue ,  or shorter scenes of 'nothingness' .   i kept expecting g'mork's red eyes to appear from the shadows and proclaim that he works for the  " nothing "  that inhabits this film . 
to call a film about a crippled ghost taking revenge from beyond the grave lame and lifeless would be too ironical but this here is an undeniably undistinguished combination of gaslight  ( 1939 & 1944 )  via les diaboliques  ( 1954 )  ;  while still watchable in itself ,  it's so cliché-ridden as to provoke chuckles instead of the intended chills .  however ,  thanks to the dire straits in which the british film industry found itself in the late 1970s ,  even a mediocre script such as this one was able to attract 10 star names - cliff robertson  ( as the conniving husband )  ,  jean simmons  ( in the title role )  ,  jenny agutter  ( as robertson's artist half-sister )  ,  simon ward  ( as the enigmatic chauffeur )  ,  ron moody  ( as an ill-fated doctor )  ,  michael jayston  ( as robertson's business partner )  ,  judy geeson  ( as simmons' best friend and jayston's wife )  ,  flora robson  ( as the housekeeper )  ,  david tomlinson  ( as the notary reading simmons' will )  and ,  most surprisingly perhaps ,  jack warner  ( as a gravestone sculptor )  - although most of them actually have nothing parts ,  i'm sorry to say ! 
cliff robertson as a scheming husband married to a rich wife delivers a razzie-worthy performance here if there ever was one ;  it's as if director michael anderson kept yelling  " dial it down ;  think zombie ,  only less lively "  through his little bullhorn as he coached robertson's effort .  the rest of the cast is barely better ;  jennifer agutter of logan's run fame is hardly seen in what should have been fleshed out as a pivotal role .  if the quality of the acting was three times better ;  if some of the more gaping plot holes were filled ;  and if the pacing were given a shot of adrenaline ,  then this yawner might be brought up to a standard acceptable to the hallmark\lifetime tv channel crowd .  as is ,  its rating is so inexplicably high one can't help thinking chronic insomniacs are using dominique to catch a little snoozing time .  perhaps the late-night tv telemarketers are missing a major opportunity in not shilling it as such . 
 " dominique "  is one of those films that the expression  " slow-as-molasses "  must have been invented for .  too many endless and repetitive sequences  ( how many times do we see robertson walking down the stairs slowly because he can hear someone playing the piano ?  )  .  it is almost redeemed at the end by a surprising twist ,  which ,  unfortunately ,  is followed by a second twist that succeeds only in leaving a bad taste in our mouths .  not a very enjoyable film . 
this was a movie i could not wait to see !  so i finally got it and i was pretty disappointed .  for starters , the movie has so little said about new york , just a bunch of confusing shots of buildings , streets , bridges and cafes . it really doesn't stay focused on the new york magic . another thing that changed my mind was the french movie set inside this movie . i know that it is a remake , but it is not a french style remake !  anyway , here you will notice elements that remind you of french movies , such as long and messy scenes , no or little talking and of course everyone is smoking french style  !  the story follows many lives  (  too many for my taste )  and they somehow seem connected in the end .  i feel like there was no dedication to the characters as much as there was on the stories .  the movie was too short to cover every single destiny everyone's happy ending . so we can see about 30 people for about 5 minutes each . and there you have your 120 minutes  !  if you like active scenes dialogues and stuff this is not the movie for you  !  i give it 4 just because i love new york and i loved the cast  ! 
i'll have to add dissenting comment here .  various reviews i have read compared this movie to the likes of those by wong kar wai or hou hsiao-hsien .  i . e .  one of the admirable flotilla of mandarin goodies that have come our way in recent years .  unfortunately this isn't quite accurate .  the film plays out rather like a film school graduate's attempt to emulate these masters .  all the pieces are there - the beautiful backdrop ,  the vaguely minimalist dialogue ,  the slow swaying camerawork ,  and male leads ,  in particular ,  who spend a fair whack of time sitting around being contemplative .  sounds good but unfortunately nothing is up to par .  the dialogue is leaden .  the acting is generally unable to lift the characters above type ;  the married couple and the little sister are particularly poor and uninvolving .  unfortunately when mediocre character acting is combined with a classical  " chekovian "   ( i . e .  very predictable )  plot ,  the results are at best tedious and at worst painful .  i couldn't help but see the  " blue danube "  river scene ,  for example ,  as verging on genre parody  ( although the smoggy looking  " springtime "  sky over the river did provide a bit of black humour .  .  .  )  i actually went to this movie on the basis that mark li ping was photographing it .  while the setting is elegant ,  and the swaying camera attempts to replicate the mood of  " flowers of shanghai "  ,  the film is not in the same league ,  visually .  in fact i must confess that after an hour of wondering whether it was the script or the acting that was ruining the film ,  i suddenly remembered that i was meant to meet my flatmate for dinner and took the chance to leave  ( and i can't recall the last film i walked out of )  .  i'm guessing from the reviews that the ending may have left a positive aftertaste but by that point i couldn't care .  if you'd like to see something along similar lines done with real talent then i'd recommend anything by the above two directors ,  for example  " in the mood for love "  or  " flowers of shanghai "  ,  both of which were filmed by the talented mr ping  ( the former with chris doyle )  ,  and both of which are films masterful enough to inspire years of failed emulations like this .  it's not often mr hoberman leads me astray ,  and perhaps you'd rather listen to him ,  but don't say you weren't warned .  craig .   
not very impressed .  its difficult to offer any spoilers to this film ,  because there is almost no development in the plot .  everything becomes clear in the first ten minutes and from there on its like watching paint dry .  the acting seems very poor as well ,  and reminds me of the old black and white maoist era films shown occasionally on daytime chinese television .  although this is difficult to tell with the female role ,  yuwen ,  as the story seems to only require her walking round like a wooden mannequin .  it reminds me of fading star gong li who somehow got a reputation as a good actress in the west for having a scowl on her face all the time .    tian zhuangzhuang's film the 'blue kite' was a far better film .  but don't be fooled by the fact that springtime in a small town was set in the late '40s .  unlike the blue kite ,  the fact that this film is set in a time of upheaval is irrelevant to the plot itself ,  the ruins of the town seem to be nothing more than a scenic backdrop .   i wonder whether tian zhuangzhuang is simply trying to ride on the popularity of chinese films in the west and appeal to a foreign audience who can't tell the difference between a film that is 'beautiful' 'profound' or 'hypnotic' and one that is simply tedious and insubstantial .   if any film fits the description of 'overrated , ' this is it .  i see no reason here to stop worrying about the state of the chinese film industry . 
good films cannot solely be based on a beautiful garden and a hill top .  surprised to see it has won two awards .  extremely overrated .  i first saw that kind of films from china ,  visually stunning but also with really something captivating to say ,  well ,  more than 10 years ago and i'm sure there are still more coming up .  this is not one of them ,  i'm afraid . 
i rated basic instinct 2 high ,  yet that movie got less than a 4 rating .  this film only got a 4 from me ,  but it has 7 . 3 from over 600 people .  i don't see a reason why they like this film so much .   this film is boring ,  because it hardly ever leaves those rooms in that broken big house .  and it only has a total of 5 people in this film .  it is almost two hours long which is totally unnecessary .  many of dialogues are slow and meaningless .  the film tone is also dark blue which is depressing to watch .  the film can just be shorten to a few sentences .   this film reminds me of  " three times "  directed by hou hsiao hsien ,  that one is equally boring ,  the dialogues are also equally boring .  it also has a high rating !  i had to stop watching that one after the first story finished .   this film lacks of passion or excitement . 
this is the first of  " the complete dramatic works of william shakespeare "  bbc series i've seen ,  and if all of them are like this ,  i might watch no more .  being practically the full text of the play is everything this  " romeo & juliet "  has going for it ,  lacking in all other departments .  alvin rakoff reveals himself as a dreadful director ,  both in the technical and artistic aspects .  in the former ,  because he commits mistakes that even a first grade film student would wisely avoid .  take in consideration ,  for example ,  the badly edited first shot of abraham and balthasar in the opening scene ,  or the nurse's entering of friar lawrence's cell ,  asking where's romeo with him being so very in front of her that she'd clearly see him even if she was blind .  and ,  in the latter ,  because every single one of the performers is misdirected ,  even if some of them are good actors .  rebecca saire looks exactly the way i've always imagined juliet to look like ,  and she doesn't seem to be a bad actress for a teenager ,  but her performance totally lacks passion of any kind .  patrick ryecart as romeo is even worse ,  being not only as dull as juliet ,  but also way too old and not even good-looking ,  coming across as a combination of malcolm mcdowell and the chucky doll .  putting them together makes impossible to think they feel anything for each other ,  let alone being the main players of the greatest love story ever written .  alan rickman ,  in his screen debut ,  plays tybalt like if he was darth vader ,  which is a huge mistake that takes away the complexity that shakespeare intended ,  no character being a hero or a villain but all flawed human beings .  this tybalt is so mean-looking that we don't believe the characters' pity after his demise .  as for paris ,  i kept thinking of  " prince valium "  from spaceballs .  only celia johnson manages to do the character of the nurse some justice .   at 168 minutes ,  this production is unable to make us empathize with the characters ,  because the characters don't empathize with each other and never seen to believe their own roles .  the best screen version is still franco zeffirelli's .  but ,  to be fair ,  this bbc one isn't nearly as bad as abominations like george cukor's flamboyant geriatric version ,  or the crime against humanity that is baz luhrmann's feature-length mtv video .  4/10 . 
for my first taste of shakespeare on stage ,  i cannot believe what these people did to a perfectly good play .    -let's start off with the good bit ,  shall we ? -  alan rickman is alright ,  although some of his dialog could have been delivered with more feeling .  the rest of the actors needed to pull it together .    romeo ,  romeo ,  whyfore art thou not dead yet ,  romeo ?  the actor ,  while not only completely wooden and deadpan ,  could not read his lines with any gusto at all .  he was completely out of focus ,  had difficulty even looking juliet in the face ,  and absolutely no grace with the lines that he was given .  whoever cast him deserves to be punished .  juliet is almost passable ,  but she gives no depth to her character , and seems to be completely out of touch with the play .  mercutio was incredibly creepy and completely out of character for the entirety of his dialog .  benvolio was unfeeling and mercilessly choppy with his lines .    i was forced to endure this half-baked production of romeo and juliet .  the acting was stilted and the costumes were nothing short of distracting .  i have seen kindergarten puppet shows with more effort put into them .  i only wish that i could give this movie a rating of zero . 
easily the best known of all the shakespeare plays ,  it has been seriously let down here .  shoddy direction ,  stagnant studio work and erratic performances spoil a fine tragedy .   in the town of verona ,  the capulets and the montagues have been feuding for centuries but tragedy is imminent when romeo  ( patrick rycart )  ,  a montague ,  falls in love with juliet  ( rebecca saire )  ,  a capulet .  bloodshed soon erupts .  .  .   the studio work ,  especially in daytime scenes ,  seriously stagnates the energy of the play .  it's a story that ,  with it's energy ,  deserves to be shot outdoors .  coupled with this the costumes are hideous ,  with too many tights and ludicrous codpieces .  the stage fighting looks horrendous ,  with far too much stretching and running around to be engaging .   patrick ryecart is too lightweight to be a truly effective romeo .  he manages the character's intensity when the plot gets going but his stately accent and bland ,  often inexpressive eyes limit his range .  it is very hard for the audience to relate to this romeo .  rebecca saire is too youthful to be a good juliet - she captures the character's naiveté but a little more sassiness would have been welcome .   the supporting roles don't fare much better .  joseph o'connor's friar laurence is fine but too many of his best lines have been cut .  anthony andrews' mercutio belongs on stage and not on camera .  he gurns and gesticulates excessively and looks rather ridiculous as a result .  alan rickman ,  underplaying his role ,  has virtually no presence as tybalt .  he did develop an edge and intensity to deliver some fine screen performances in later years ,  but that isn't in evidence here .  the prince can be a fine role with his brief appearances but actor lawrence naismith fails to give the part any authority on camera .  only micheal hordern ,  in probably his best role in this series ,  comes out of this with any dignity .  his capulet is well-played and a joy to watch .   see one of the other versions of this story instead . 
have to admit ,  this version disgraces shakespeare upfront !  none can act except the nurse who was my fav !  juliet had good skills as a teen but she can't give emotional depth to her lines and we really can never connect to her .  she's worse doing the scene when she is contemplating drinking the sleeping potion .  .  . god stop whining !  i would have poured it in her mouth to shut her up !  anthony andrews .  .  . yikes !  considering his other great movies  ( brideshead revisited ,  ivanhoe ,  scarlet pimpernel )  ,  he's quite a shocker in this one .  and don't get me started on romeo .  .  . puhleasssssee !  it's still good to see if you're on the hunt to see every romeo and juliet ever made in the history of film .  olivia and leonard's version is still the best ,  followed by leslie howard's version and then the current leo and clare ! 
celia johnson is good as the nurse .  michael hordern is good as capulet ,  though it's his usual neighing and whinnying and not a patch on his king lear .  john o'conor reads the verse well as friar laurence though he never takes it anywhere .  alan rickman is good as tybalt ,  in the first of his  " yuk "  roles that would make him famous .  christopher strauli's benvolio is sympathetic .   the sets are pretty ,  if not stunning as in some of the other bbc shakespeare's .   and that's it .  the rest is weak to dreadful .  rebecca saire turned 15 during production ,  and hasn't a clue about how to act juliet - she opens her eyes real wide and whines every line in exactly the same way .  patrick ryecart is poorly matched to her ,  and his self-regard is inexplicable .  the balcony scene flows smoothly and uneventfully with zero emotional or erotic impact .  their deaths come as a relief .  if i had a dagger ,  i would have offered it to them hours earlier .   anthony andrews is unspeakable as mercutio ,  a great shock if you remember his fine work in  " brideshead revisited .  "  he breaks the mirror of shakespeare's verse into a thousand shards of two or three words each ,  and then shouts the fragments in as disconnected and unintelligible manner as possible .  in this production ,  queen mab abdicates .  awful .   the director ,  alvin rakoff ,  shows only an intermittent gift of putting the camera where it will show us what we want to see .  the opening brawl is notably incoherent .  however there is humor when in a later fight ,  romeo apparently knees tybalt right in the cobblers .  tybalt then grabs the offended region .  however did that get through ?    r&j is a long play .  this version is not recommended for classroom use ,  or much else . 
i've never been to paris ,  but after seeing  " paris ,  je t'aime "  i'm crazy to visit this city !  i've been to ny several times and i love the city and its boroughs .  i kinda expected to be touched by this film ,  to feel like jumping into a plane and fly there right away ,  but ,  lo and behold ,  i regret the time and money i spent with it .  there are no love stories between people or a person and the city .  there's a lot of dysfunctional meetings and relations or people who know each other and it just doesn't work out fine .  maybe this reflects a characteristic of the city ,  where it's said to have thousands of people living on their own .  can't you find love in new york ? 
this movie is phoniness incarnate ,  a straight 11 / 10 on the phoniness scale .  the fakeness of the accents as well as the tightness of the cardigan spandex pants are just staggering .  yanks ,  although the real scotland may be just as colourful ,  if you ever go there don't expect to be given much of a the chance to  " dance out "  controversies with the locals .  also ,  don't attempt to sway local opinion through the otherwise fine art of tapdancing .   there are a couple of infectious singing-and-dancing scenes ,  but the plot is far too cheesy and linear ,  and the dialogue is often too weak .  i also doubt whether anyone would want to be stuck in a timewarped 18 . th-century scottish village in the boondocks rather than gay new york city .  maybe it wasn't such a big sacrifice for that priest to have left brigadoon ,  maybe he was just trying to get the hell out of that dump .   watch it for the fine alternative-reality view of what a christopher streed day-parade in scotland would look like on lsd .  other than that i'd only recommend it to hollywood muscial completists . 
superficically ,   " brigadoon "  is a very promising entertainment package .  gene kelly and vincente minnelli ,  the team behind  " an american in paris "  ,  are reunited with a lot of the great craftsmen and women behind their previous collaborations .  gene's leading lady is cyd charisse ,  one of the best dancers of 40s/50s cinema ,  and unlike the generally superior  " it's always fair weather "  this film gave them the chance for not only one but two dances .  lerner and loewe were the rising team behind such future hits as  " my fair lady "  and minnelli's musical masterpiece  " gigi "  ;  lerner and minnelli had already demonstrated their sanguine collaborative juices on the excellent  " american in paris .  "   what happened along the way ?  why is the movie itself such a stupid bore ?  minnelli himself didn't want to do the movie ,  despite his previous warm artistic and personal relationship with lerner .  maybe it was because the movie's innate conservatism was just a bit too much of two steps forward for mgm and one step backward for vincente minnelli .  but once trapped in this assignment like the denizens of brigadoon are trapped within its city limits ,  minnelli strove to turn it into something that would be entertaining in a specifically distracting ,  if not liberating way .  the ultimate result is truly horrific to behold .   while aiming for the naive charm of previous minnelli hits like  " cabin in the sky "  and  " meet me in st .  louis "  ,  the plaid-tights wearing inhabitants of brigadoon can conjure up none of the illusive nostalgia of those never-have-been locales .  its whimsy doesn't even match up to the glossy luster of  " yolanda and the thief "  or  " the pirate "  because the highlands settings seem at the same time too specific for such an exotic fantasy and too generic for real human emotions .  the only people in brigadoon who i at least can relate to are the malcontented man who tries to escape and the unfortunate fellow-traveler played by van johnson who accidentally shoots him .  the general proceedings in the township of brigadoon itself are too arcane and provincial even to be attributed to a backwards form of christianity :  they seem positively pagan in their aspect .  for example ,  in exchange for brigadoon's immortality ,  the honorable and most generally  " good "  pastor of the town has sacrificed his own place in the supposedly blessed refuge .   at one point we're assured that  " everybody's looking for their own brigadoon .  "  suffice it to say the box office for this picture confirms my own suspicion that most of us aren't looking for this kind of quasi-queasy paradise .  the premise itself is ridiculous and almost insultingly patronizing ,  but could work if the players were perfect .  but kelly himself is the most patronizing thing about the movie ,  and charisse is horribly miscast as a virginal optimist in much the same way as lucille bremer was miscast in  " yolanda and the thief .  "  van johnson does his best version of the classic oscar levant sidekick to kelly  ( even lighting 3 cigarettes at one point like levant in  " aip "  )  ,  and he provides a lot of amusing moments .  but it says something in itself if the best part of a big budget extravaganza with all the best talents of mgm is a tossed-off van johnson performance . 
i saw brigadoon on tv last night  ( 12 sept 2009 )  .  i am 61 years old and have been watching films as long as i can remember .  i can truthfully say that brigadoon stands alone as by far and away the worst film i have ever seen .  the accents were shameful .  the local children's club would have produced better sets .  the characters were so wooden that they probably contracted dry rot from the tears of the patrons who had the misfortune to watch them .  it is to be hoped that the stars of this film had hides thick enough to protect them from the embarrassment which they must have suffered on seeing this film .  the owners of this tripe should perform a great service to mankind and destroy all copies of this film . 
i remember when i first saw this movie ,  i was in sixth grade when it happened .  before i saw this ,  i had listened to the original broadway recording of it ,  and i really loved it !  but when i saw this ,  i was like ,  what the heck ?  !  this movie is missing a lot of the songs from the musical for crying out loud !  who decided to do all of that ?  !   i really am a very huge fan of gene kelly ,  but this movie is probably the worst of a musical that he ever did !  the movie looked more like a hollywood set than the beautiful highlands of scotland .  and who the heck decided to cut all of meg's songs out of the movie ?  !    i am willing to bet that when they saw this movie ,  lerner and lowe were probably wondering :   " who in the world decided to do this to our masterpiece ?  "  well they had a right to say that if they did ,  they were probably mad at the fact that hollywood turned their great musical into this rather blank movie .   song and acting wise mr .  kelly ,  you passed the audition with flying colors ,  but you are in a movie that is missing a lot of the text .   so in short ,  if you want a good movie based on a musical by frederick lowe and alan jay lerner ,  this one isn't it !    3/10
can fake scenery ruin a picture ?  you wouldn't think so ,  but it actually for me in here .  listen ,  i have a lot of classic-era movies and i know pretty much what to except ,  such as the drivers steering immobile cars in front of a screen ,  etc .  but a lot of that hokey business has to do with action scenes .  to have fake scenery ,  fake mountains and flowers shot after shot as seen in  " brigadoon "  gets insulting after awhile .    as far as the music entertainment went ,  this is always subjective .  what songs one person likes ,  another may not so that shouldn't be a big part of judging a film  ( whether someone likes the songs )  .  i could blast this movie for its corny 1950 songs ,  dances ,  romances and characters but that was the '50s and a lot of people liked this sort of things .  musicals did very well in the '50s .  me ,  i liked the '30s and '40s with the great taps .  by the '50s ,  tap was out and this new stuff - which i can stand - was it .  does that make this a lousy movie ?  no .  it just makes one i didn't care for very much  despite the good cast ,  good director and high expectations ,  this film bombed at the box office ,  and with me .  i should have liked it more ,  being a dreamer myself and that's a nice part of this story .  i am not the cynical type and a nice town and nice people making me feel good sounds awful appeal .  then why couldn't i connect with this film ?  part of it also was the dancing .  i don't care for the stuff that replaced tap dancing on screen .  but - no - the thing really turned me off what that staging .  there was no scotland ,  no highlands ,  just a hokey- looking background to make it look that way and it turned me almost from the start .  score one point for today's realism where they  " go on location "  most of the time . 
where is it written that sequels must suck ?  scream 2 didn't !  others didn't !  but this one sure did .  .  .  problems include horrible actors  ( only christopher walken could act in the entire film )  ,  bad writing  ( you will never understand what's going on and i even have done research on the idea of nephilim before )  ,  and just horrible choices for casting .  eric roberts makes the stupidest archangel michael that i have ever seen in my life !   avoid it like the plague unless you are desperate to see christopher walken .  in that case just fast-forward to the parts where he is in the film ,  and avoid the others .   yech !  !  ! 
i liked the first movie ,  but this is a textbook example of a sequel that would have been better of left on the drawing board .  the general idea in the first movie was ,  if not great ,  then at least very interesting .  this sequel tries to build upon the idea and the characters from the first movie ,  and though christopher walken is still good as gabriel ,  the whole idea suddenly gets a bit ridiculous .  if you haven't seen any of these movies ,  then get the first movie and forget about the sequels ,  they can take away all of the joy from the original . 
i'll make this short and sweet .  .  .  . this movie sucked !  !  !  !  !  !   i watched part 1 earlier today and thought it was one of the greatest films ever ,  gave it 9 out of 10 stars .  so i thought perhaps part 2 and 3 would be good sequels ,  i was wrong .  this movie bored me to death and was so different from the first one ,  it had the plot continue and thats it .  it was like bad outtakes from part one or something .   i love walken ,  but i felt sorry for him here .  i was so happy about glenn danzig being in this film ,  but don't blink you'll miss him .  there was a full cast full of crappy actors and people i don't like such as eric roberts and jennifer beals .  however ,  it was a breath of fresh air to see ethan embry ,  he's one of the funniest people on earth .   this movie will make you like the first one a little less ,  so don't watch it because you feel you owe it to yourself ,  being a fan of part 1 .  i am gonna wait a few days before i watch part 3 and i pray it is better than this crap .   the last scene of the movie with the lightning was one of the most beautiful things ever shown on film .  fast forward or skip to that if you can't stomach the first part .   1 out of 10 stars - this was awful ! 
it's not often i feel compelled to give negative criticism of a film ;  after all i often feel the maxim ,   " if you don't have anything good to say don't say it at all ,  "  would be apt advice for the many naysayers we listen to everyday who nitpick at things we like .  if it's all the same to you the reader though i feel compelled to point out that with the lone exception of christopher walken in a returning role as gabriel this movie is pathetically horrid .  i say this to you to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of walken's deadpan delivery and style or liked the original  " prophecy "  that you will be sorely dissapointed .  if you buy it ,  return it .  if you rent it ,  make sure it's only ninety-nine cents .   what's wrong with this movie ?  a full list would take too long to read and would bore you to tears ,  but a short summary would be the following :  the once rather crystalline clear picture of the relationship between angels and mortals of the first film is ripped to shreds .  gabriel is turned from the rather morbid right hand of god he once was  ( and in this role he is wickedly funny in the first )  to little more than a thug for heaven .  since walken is so good at playing heavies  ( we all remember frank white from  " king of new york "  )  he is still enjoyable but the supporting cast is an unmitigated and unconvincing mess of mortals and angels alike who couldn't buy a clue for 50 cents .  if you can figure out the plot you're a smarter man than i .  one gets the feeling we wander aimlessly from scene to scene just to move the film along to walken's next big line .  by the end of the movie you're actually wishing he'd blow his horn and make the walls of jericho fall on the people who made this un-natural disaster .   bottom line - it's an insult to our intelligence that they made a sequel to this film in the first place .  the original told the right story ,  answered the questions that should have been ,  and left alone the ones you were meant to ponder afterwards .  there are no compelling reasons to follow these characters that was in the first - the priest who lost his faith ,  the little girl who kept the  " big secret "  ,  the teacher who protected her children - even lucifer himself was more interesting by himself in the first film than all the other characters in the sequel put together .  i feel sorry for anybody who sees this film and not the first because they'll probably never want to watch the original and that's a real tragedy . 
i saw this regurgitated pile of vignettes tonight at a preview screening and i was straight up blown away by how bad it was .    first off ,  the film practically flaunted its gaping blind spots .  there are no black or gay new yorkers in love ?  or who ,  say ,  know the self-involved white people in love ?  i know it's not the love crash of anvil-tastic inclusiveness but you can't pretend to have a cinematic new york with out these fairly prevalent members of society .  plus ,  you know the people who produced this ish thought crash deserved that ham-handed oscar ,  so where is everyone ?    possibly worse than the bizarre and willful socioeconomic ignorance were the down right offensive chapters  ( remember when you were in high school and people were openly disgusted with pretty young women in wheelchairs ?  me either )  .  this movie ran the gamut of ways to be the worst .  bad acting ,  bad writing ,  bad directing -- all spanning every possible genre ever to concern wealthy white people who smoke cigarettes outside fancy restaurants .    but thank god they finally got powerhouses hayden christensen and rachel bilson back together for that jumper reunion .  and ,  side note ,  uma dodged a bullet ;  ethan hawke looks ravaged .  this ,  of course ,  is one thing in terms of his looks ,  but added an incredibly creepy extra vibe of horribleness to his terrifyingly scripted scene opposite poor ,  lovely maggie q .   i had a terrible time choosing my least favorite scene for the end of film questionnaire ,  but it has to be the anton yelchin/ olivia thirlby bit for the sheer lack of taste ,  which saddens me because i really like those two actors .  i don't consider myself easily offended ,  but all i could do was scoff and look around with disgust like someone's 50 year old aunt .    a close second place in this incredibly tight contest of terrible things is shia labeouf's tone deaf portrayal of what it means for a former disney channel star to act against julie christie .  i don't mean opposite ,  i mean against .  against is the only explanation .  i realize now that the early sequence with orlando bloom is a relative highlight .  highlight .  please keep that in mind when your brain begins to leak out your ear soon after the opening credits ,  which seem to be a nod to the first new york real world .  this film is embarrassing ,  strangely dated ,  inarticulate ,  ineffective ,  pretentious and ,  in the end ,  completely divorced from any real idea of new york at all .     ( the extra star is for the cloris leachman/ eli wallach sequence ,  as it is actually quite sweet ,  but it is only one bright spot in what feels like hours of pointless ,  masturbatory torment .  ) 
the prophecy ii ,  what's there to say about it ?  they've completely abandoned the originality of the first film ,  and simply made a chris walken splatter film .  it's not even written by the original writer !   if you've seen nr .  1 don't watch nr .  2 it's a real disappointment .  .  .   if you haven't seen nr .  1 don't watch nr .  2 !  go see nr .  1 to experience something original and fun
i personally liked  " the prophecy "  of 1995 a lot .  christopher walken was ,  as always ,  great ,  and even though the film wasn't flawless ,  it was a creepy and highly original horror/fantasy film that entertained immensely .  this inferior 1998 sequel is still worth watching ,  but mainly due to walken .  walken is one of the greatest actors around ,  in my opinion ,  and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen archangel gabriel ,  whom he plays for the second time here .  once again ,  the war between fallen and loyal angels is brought to earth .  gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child ,  namely the child of the angel danyael  ( russel wong )  and the human woman valerie  ( jennifer beals )  .  this child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war .  .  .  as i said above ,  christopher walken is once again excellent as gabriel .  besides gabriel ,  however ,   " the prophecy ii "  sadly also includes a bunch of terribly annoying characters .  the character of valerie was annoying enough ,  and danayel annoyed me even more .  the biggest pain in the ass ,  however was the character of izzy  ( played by brittany murphy )  ,  a suicidal girl who wouldn't shut up .  still ,  walken's performance isn't the only redeeming quality of the film .  the entire film is quite dreary ,  and well-shot in dark colors ,  which contributes a lot to the atmosphere .  gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive ,  and one of the coolest moments in any of the  " prophecy "  films .   " the prophecy ii "  is nevertheless the weakest of the three  " prophecy "  films with walken .  definitely a christopher walken one-man-show ,  entertaining ,  but nothing beyond that . 
everybody knows that gregory widen's original  " the prophecy "  didn't really require a sequel ,  but you also don't need a degree in rocket science hanging above your chimney to realize that further cash-ins on this profitable horror concept were inevitable .  part two is a very prototypic example of a straight-to-video sequel ,  meaning the creative and convoluted plot of the original has been simplified a lot in favor of more action ,  more witty one-liners and a lot more eerie religious scenery .  the only good news is that the producers managed to keep christopher walken for the role of gabriel ,  and he delivers another gloriously brazen performance that promptly justifies the price of a rental .  if it wasn't for walken's performance  ( and perhaps a couple of players in the supportive cast like brittany murphy and glenn danzig )  ,   " the prophecy ii "  surely would have disappeared into oblivion straight after its release .  the movie begins with gabriel literally getting spat out of hell to proceed with his ongoing war of heaven here on earth .  the purpose of his battle this time is to prevent the baby of nurse valerie rosales  ( jennifer beals )  from getting born .  for you see ,  her unborn child is the first ever hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly  " monkey "  and the birth of such a superior being would imply the downfall of gabriel's evil dominion .  thus ,  just as in the first movie ,  he engages a suicidal accomplice to assist him and hunts valerie all the way down to the eden for the final showdown .   " the prophecy ii "  is an endurable and occasionally even entertaining movie as long as you don't make comparisons with the original and as long as you manage to overlook the multiple plot holes and errors in continuity .  whenever the storyline becomes too tedious ,  the makers luckily enough always insert a near-brilliant christopher walken moment to distract you .  his interactions with the rebellious izzy and particularly his ignorance regarding modern earthly technologies often result in worthwhile and memorable sequences .  on a slightly off-topic note ,  i often felt like  " the prophecy ii "  ambitions to look similar to  " terminator ii "   gabriel's resurrection looked somewhat like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the eden location ,  where the final battle takes place ,  looks very similar to the steel factory where  " terminator ii "  ended as well .  coincidence ,  i guess ?  overall ,  this is an inferior and passable sequel but still worth checking out in case you're a fan of christopher walken's unique acting charisma  ( and who isn't ?  )  . 
this is another example of a sucky sequel to a great movie .  i highly recommend the prophecy ,  but this movie was a dud from the start .  the acting was decent all the way around ,  but the story line was weak and added nothing to the origional .  a 4 out of 10 at best . 
i rented this on dvd yesterday and did not realize it was a  " character study "  type of movie ,  so i struggled to watch about an hour of it before hitting the stop button .   even with a character study theme ,  i just could not get into this film at all .  perhaps it was my mood in wanting to watch something else ,  or maybe i had other expectations ,  but setting that aside ,  i tried my best to move on to finish watching ,  but gave up .  the actors played their roles well ,  but the global combination did not come together to keep my interest .  about the only interesting thing was the sergeant's gun being stolen and he hurried to buy another one ,  and spray painted it black to appear as police issue .  i think this movie should have been entitled ,   " who stole the sergeant's gun ?  "  scenes were well done but putting them together i once again felt robbed for anything cohesive to keep me viewing .   since i didn't finish watching it i'd say there is some merit to renting this film  .  .  .  maybe .  to me ,  it was a waste of good viewing effort and time .  i'll leave it up to you to try it ,  but it's not one i'd strongly recommend . 
this series was cbs networks answer to the success of the big valley .  it was a 90 minute western just like the abc program was .  while it was an answer ,  it did not have the stuff to make it past season 2 .   the problem really became reality got lost on this show .  for example- in one episode ,  johnny gets his eye poked out by a stick .  amazingly ,  by the end of the show ,  johnny had healed entirely .  along with that ,  the stories on this were no where near as strong as the big valley .   this is a show that i would not want dvds of ,  & frankly hope they are never released .  think since cbs was running out of lots ,  they re-used many familiar settings .  this was one the last western series cbs produced as westerns were not real popular in the 1970's . 
this movie is lame and not funny at all .  the plot doesn't even make sense .  some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension  ( maybe hell ?  ?  ?  )  and his daughter gets sucked through it or something ,  then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a skimpy outfit  ( i guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her ?  )  the main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend ,  and they stumble upon this witch spell book  ( they want to be witches or something ?  ?  ?  )  and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the bikini top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop apparently .  there is topless scenes for no reason and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely unnecessary ,  obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this pointless movie .  i'm sure the topless girls doesn't hurt there either .  the extra features on the dvd were even more confusing than the rest of the movie ,  i thought it might help explain what was going on but it actually just made things more confusing .  who are these people and what are they doing ?  basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things  ( like the other dimension and book seller )  than make it confusing .  i didn't like the movie but it was only like five bucks so big deal .  i don't recommend watching it though it was just too stupid ,  i can't think of any part of the movie that was good . 
this film has a very simple but somehow very bad plot .  the entire movie is about a girl getting sucked through a gate to another dimension then years later it gets opened again by a witch while a group of friends  ( including the lead actor who is having trouble getting over his ex girlfriend who is one of the other campers along with her new partner .  .  .  another girl .  .  .  that's right they're lesbians and there is some nudity of course for no particular reason )  .  unfortunately demon follows the now adult girl back through .  also unfortunately ,  none of this is ever explained .  where exactly were they ?  where did the demon come from ?  how did she survive as a child in a place full of evil demons ?  who the hell trained her and made her a gladiator type outfit ?  the acting is terrible i think but it's hard to tell because the writing is so bad maybe there was just nothing they could do with it .  i give it a three because the wrestler was pretty good and the effects were pretty fun even though they were very cheap .  i would not recommend it ,  it wasn't quite bad enough to be funny . 
this is one of those horror flicks where twenty-somethings fool around with the dark arts around a camp fire ,  getting into a heap of trouble for doing so .  a portal was opened containing a world of demons known as the kelippoth of the sitra achra by a man whose daughter ,  summer ,  gets kidnapped by something ,  taken into it .  summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to battle the demon monsters .  this is a portion of the plot which lends itself to scrutiny .  anyway ,  three wannabee witches ,  who went to high school together ,  renea ,  the most enthusiastic ,  serious practitioner in the dark arts ,  and her lesbian cohorts ,  jasmine and marlene (  .  . it's more or less a passing fad with them ,  though .  .  )  join up with buddies ,  jason and ricky ,  on a trip in the wilderness where summer vanished from her home ten years ago .  opening the portal through a spoken text written in an ancient book ,  a demon is set free ,  as is summer ,  now a warrior babe whose training has led to a very fit and athletic body and skills that have been needed to ward off monsters in the other world .   low budget contains a loopy ,  but ambitious story ,  restraining it into a confined setting .  these young adults spend a lot of time running around in the woods hoping not to be fodder for a beast .  as can be the case in these movies ,  the demon stands on the sidelines while the story develops as summer attempts to remember how everything came to pass ,  while befriending jason who wishes to help her restore the lost time .  the action is shot mostly in the dark ,  making any violence hard to decipher .  brigitte kingsley ( and the rest of the female cast for that matter )  ,  is some mighty nice eye candy ,  dressed scantily clad as a female conan ,  a gorgeous body we have to pleasure to gaze upon from the moment she appears until the closing of the movie .  some lesbianism (  .  . some kissing and fondling ) and nudity spice things up nicely ,  and the cast seem to be having fun with the goofy plot .  . it's so preposterous that the silly tone is probably appropriate for the material .   might be of interest for co-starring world wrestling entertainment's  " captain courageous "  christian ( real name ,  jason reso ) as one of the group ,  spoofing his alter ego ,  as a chicken ,  quivering at the sound of a snapping tree twig .  landy cannon is likable as unlikely hero ,  jason ,  a lovestruck ,  naive young man whose ex-fiancé ,  jasmine ( vanessa james ) is now bi-sexual and in love with marlene (  .  . jasmine's cruelty is in toying with jason's feelings by hiding her affair with marlene from his knowledge )  ,  while ricky and renea attempt to steer him away from this idea that he can rekindle a dead flame that gone out ,  never to ignite again .  the kelippoth demon is mostly darkly lit ,  i guess to refrain from showing how ludicrous/laughable it looks if presented in full .  the lesbian antics of jasmine and marlene ( haley shannon )  is mostly tame ,  their love making ,  once alone in the woods up against a tree ,  is toned down and also lighted using the blackness of night .  my rating is a bit favorable towards it ,  almost solely because of kingsley ,  for purely superficial reasons ,  rather than the plot or film-making .  the movie aims to please and is marketed to the boys ( and girls who love hot women )  .  i think ,  though ,  for the most part ,  the humor falls a bit flat . 
dark rising is your typical bad ,  obviously quickly produced horror/sci-fi/fantasy movie .  it has a strange ,  unexplained plot with holes so big you could fit an elephant through them .  most of the time i didn't know what the hell was going on but it didn't really matter ,  it was a simple demon hunter returns from hell dimension to save campers story with confusing stuff added on about witches and a book of evil with plot elements and characters who make no sense or disappear totally for no reason .  the acting is bad but there honestly is not much they can do with this script i am guessing .  there is a couple topless scenes which is probably the only reason this bad movie got made  ( like so many other bad movies )  .  give this one a pass unless there is nothing else on t . v . 
having loved 'paris ,  je t'aime' ,  i highly anticipated this film and i admit i went in with high expectations ,  but was sorely disappointed for a number of reasons .   although ,  i was not expecting a re-make of 'paris' in new york i was expecting the same structure .  what i liked about 'paris' was the breakup of the neighborhoods .  you got a sense of each directors style and the story they wanted to tell .  in 'ny' ,  there is no clear separation of the stories ,  at different points in the film ,  characters from different stories run into each other which made me confused as to who i was watching and what exactly was going on .  also ,  the switch in directing was evident but confusing since there was no flow .   another thing i loved about the 'paris' film was the different takes on love .  it wasn't all romantic .  there was love between parents and their children ,  unrequited love ,  a lonely ,  middle-aged woman yearning for love etc .  ,  it explored so many layers of the complexity of love between humans .  'ny' seemed to only go for an edgy ,  over-the-top sexuality .  there were some redeemable shorts  ( the older couple having spent a lifetime together ,  julie christie's short )  ,  but overall the'ny' film didn't evoke any emotion for me .  i didn't connect with any of the characters like i did with 'paris' .  i remember watching 'paris' and feeling a deep sadness ,  loneliness ,  yearning ,  hopefulness ,  wonder .  .  .  it just had so much soul .  for me ,  there was no soul in the 'ny' film .   maybe if i had gone into it without having 'paris' looming in the back of my brain as a comparison this film might have elicited a more favorable response ,  but as a self-titled re-take of 'paris ,  je t'aime' i was sorely disappointed . 
when i first tuned in on this morning news ,  i thought ,   " wow ,  finally ,  some entertainment .  "  it was slightly amusing for a week or so .  .  .  but we have to face it ,  these news reporters  ( if one can even call them that )  have way too much  " playing around "  time .   at first ,  i thought jillian was a breathe of fresh air .  but seriously ,  this woman has got not the least bit of journalist in her .  she is very unprofessional .  she keeps on interrupting steve when he starts informing the viewers about a certain news report .  it's just really become annoying to the point that i can't watch it anymore .   jillian is not a good journalist .  hell ,  she's more of a celebrity who loves being a celebrity .  hence ,  she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing .  she's not very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities more important than being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all i can say about her .   also  ( disappointingly )  ,  this show has more entertainment news than necessary news reports about the world ,  the government ,  the us ,  or something that will benefit and/or serve the public's best interest .  they're too focus on sensationalism that everything they talk about comes off as a commercial product .  on the other hand ,  their field reporters are interestingly tolerable .  .  .   i believe  " good day la "  is for young teenagers and celebrities ,  and it is definitely not for people who actually care about the news .   side note :   ( i'd really rather watch ktla .  however ,  they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes .  they're still a bit dull though .  oh well ,  i'll stick to nbc's  " today .  "  abc's  " good morning america "  is also okay .  .  .  as long as diane sawyer doesn't become way too serious .  ) 
i had to stop watching this film  ( a pseudo-intellectual product for pretentious film viewers )  twenty minutes into it because it was mediocre and dull enough to inspire yawns ,  not to mention that i was soon near tears over the $3 . 99 i had wasted at blockbuster .  joanna pacula's acting and her awfully rendered slavic accent are sufficiently terrible to set one to gritting one's teeth .  i knew that two hours of her would be two hours too many .  both breuer and nietzsche are played by unremarkable actors of strikingly few talents .  while we're on the topic of talent ,  breuer's supercilious assistant appears to have been pulled out of a local acting troupe .  she clearly has not learned her craft .  in fact ,  she's really quite awful .  all the public scenes looked staged ,  with the extras walking mechanically about in their sunday best .  turning this film off was far more satisfying than turning it on .  don't rent this terrible movie .  you will be sorry you spent your money . 
my comments on this movie have been deleted twice ,  which i find pretty offending ,  since i am making an effort to judge this movie for other people .  please be tolerant of other people's opinion .  obviously writing in the spirit of nietzsches works is not understood ,  so ill change my comment completely .   i think this is a really bad movie for several reasons .   subject :  one should be very careful in making a movie about a philosopher that is even today not understood by the masses and amongst peers brings out passionate discussions .  one thing philosophers do agree on is that nietzsche was a great thinker .  so making a movie about his life ,  which obviously includes his 'ideas' is a thing one should be extremely careful with ,  or preferably ,  don't do at all .  wisdom starts with knowing what you don't know .  one might think this is not a review of the movie itself ,  but the movie is not about an imaginary character ,  it is about the life of someone who actually lived and had/has great influence on the world of yesterday ,  today and tomorrow .  if someone tells a story about a tomato ,  i can express my thoughts about the story itself ,  but also about the chosen subject ,  the tomato .  there is a responsibility for producers when they make a movie about actual facts .  specially in a case like this and this responsibility was not taken .   screenplay :  one of the first things i noticed were the ridiculous accents .  why ?  it distracts from what it should be about ;  nietzsche and the truths he found .  it doesn't help putting things in a right geographical perspective or time !  come on ,  make it proper english or better yet ;  german !  even mel gibson got that part right .  .  .  letting his characters speak some gibberish aramaic in the passion .   secondly ,  it is well over-acted .   3d ,  assante is not an actor to depict nietzsche .  bad casting .   4th ,  facts are way off .   and so on .  its a waste of celluloid . 
i rented this dvd having seen it while looking for something else .  when i saw the title on the jacket i couldn't believe my eyes .  i read yalom's book about a year ago and loved it ,  in fact admire yalom's work in general .   ( i am a clinical psychologist .  )  i have watched perhaps 30 minutes of this movie and have had to turn it off .  i'm not sure if i can take much more .  at a superficial level ,  the faux accents ,  as others have commented ,  are simply distracting at best and irritating and vapid at worst .  the acting is dull when it should be passionate and comical when it should be serious .  the portrayal of lou salome is simply flippant ,  and the brilliant freud comes off as little more than a schoolboy .  i see very little of the book's spirit conveyed thus far .  i had hoped to be able to recommend this film to my students .  instead ,  i will refer them to the book .  imagine that . 
the prerequisite for making such a film is a complete ignorance of nietzche's work and personality ,  psychoanalytical techniques and vienna's history .  take a well-know genius you have not read ,  describe him as demented ,  include crazy physicians to cure him ,  a couple of somewhat good looking women ,  have his role played by an actor with an enormous mustache ,  have every character speak with the strongest accent ,  show ridiculous dreams ,  include another prestigious figure who has nothing to do with the first one  ( freud )  ,  mention a few words used in the genius' works ,  overdo everything you can ,  particularly music ,  and you are done .  audience ,  please stay away . 
 .  .  . thankfully he hasn't ,  yet !  this is crude ,  simplistic student politics made into drama .  it needs the viewer to buy into a series of conceits .  conceit 1 :  that a british electorate could be swung from being basically right of centre to being overwhelmingly far left .  conceit 2 :  that all debate in the media and the general public is unanimously ended and that the new prime minister's only critics are sinister civil servants ,  mi5 ,  big business and the americans  ( naturally )  .  conceit 3 :  that this radical socialist pm can solve all union ,  economic and social problems with consummate ease in a way that unites the nation .  conceit 4 :  that severing all ties with the us and nato is a good thing .  conceit 5 :  that the soviet union isn't a brutal and oppressive regime and that we should have had closer times with them back in the 80's .  and finally ,  conceit 6 :  that the reactionary forces of the us would actively seek to launch a coup d'etat against britain .   it's ludicrous and the show only gained the reputation that it did by trying to cash in on some anti-thatcher feeling in the country and having left wing tv critics singing its praises .  when it was made ,  television was still a hugely popular and influential medium with shows getting huge ratings so a widely talked about drama with a hint of controversy had a good chance of getting a big audience .  ray mcinally's performance was great ,  which is one of the few plus points .  history and time has shown the huge weakness in the premise and plot of this show . 
i first saw this when it was picked as a suggestion from my tivo system .  i like danny elfman and thought it might be interesting .  on top of that ,  i'm a fan of max fleischer's work ,  and this started out with the look and feel of his 30s cartoon .  with both of those ,  i thought it would hold my interest .  i was wrong .  just a few minutes in ,  and i had the fast forward button down .  i ran through it in about 15 minutes ,  and thought that was it .   afterwards ,  i read some of the other reviews here and figured i didn't give it enough of a chance .  i recorded it again and watched it through .  there's 75 minutes of my life i'm not getting back .   i can't believe there aren't more bad reviews .  personally ,  i think it's because it's hard to get to the 10 line comment minimum .  how many ways are there to say this is a waste of time ?   the movie comes across as though it was made by a few junior high kids ready to outrage the world and thinking they can with breasts ,  profanity ,  and puke jokes .  the characters are flat .  the parody of  " swinging the alphabet "  is lame ,  essentially cobbling the tune ,  getting through a - e ,  hitting the obvious profanity a  " f "  ,  and then having no idea where to go .  the trip through the intestines to the expected landing doesn't work the first time ,  let alone the following ones .    across the board ,  the entire movie is what you would expect from someone trying to  " out-south park "  stone and parker without the ability to determine what is and isn't funny .  this might be amusing if you're high .  otherwise ,  it's not . 
 .  .  . but this has to be the worst a christmas carol adaptation of all time .  and that takes some doing ,  what with the likes of various lifetime efforts .  don't get me wrong--i have nothing against cicely tyson .  i've enjoyed her tremendously in other roles  ( look at sipsey in fried green tomatoes ,  for example )  .  but the script gives her no option but to chew the scenery .  and chew it she does ,  with all the enthusiasm of tiny tim tying into a christmas goose .   give me the classics anytime :  alastair sim ,  1951 .  with the exception maybe of scrooged ,  all the others are just over-the-top efforts to grasp the past ,  present ,  or future spirit of christmas . 
the premise of an african-american female scrooge in the modern ,  struggling city was inspired ,  but nothing else in this film is .  here ,  ms .  scrooge is a miserly banker who takes advantage of the employees and customers in the largely poor and black neighborhood it inhabits .  there is no doubt about the good intentions of the people involved .  part of the problem is that story's roots don't translate well into the urban setting of this film ,  and the script fails to make the update work .  also ,  the constant message about sharing and giving is repeated so endlessly ,  the audience becomes tired of it well before the movie reaches its familiar end .  this is a message film that doesn't know when to quit .  in the title role ,  the talented cicely tyson gives an overly uptight performance ,  and at times lines are difficult to understand .  the charles dickens novel has been adapted so many times ,  it's a struggle to adapt it in a way that makes it fresh and relevant ,  in spite of its very relevant message . 
two old men sitting on a park bench  .  i don`t really have a problem with this scene - only problem is that it`s not a scene it`s the entire movie  yup movies don`t get anymore low concept than this  .  they also don`t get anymore boring than this either  ,  but there`s worse to come because these two old men are chalk and cheese  .  one is nat moyer who is yiddish communist while the other is midge carter a former golden gloves champion who`s also black  .  let me see now  ,  a jew and a black man sitting on a park bench getting along fine  .  well i guess it`s possible though unlikely  ,  but if this film has such an inoffensive scenario why play up to the jewish stereotype  ?  why make them loud tribilistic rabble rousers who take hebrew oaths  ?  slightly ironic that the jews seen at the start of the movie are exactly the type of jews seen in nazi propaganda films in the 1930s  stereotypes aside moi dearz the problem with i`m not rappaport is that it`s written for an entirely different meduim than cinema  ,  it`s based on a stage play and it shows  .  walter matthau sleepwalks through his role as nat while this commentator almost slept through the whole movie
much like orson welles thirty years earlier , mike sarne was given  " the biggest train set in the world " to play with , but unfortunately lacked the ability to do anything more than watch his train set become a train wreck that is still spoken of with shock and a strange sort of awe .  despite post - modern interpretations purporting somehow to see it as a gay or even feminist tract , the fact of the matter is that it was a major disaster in 1970 and remains one today . how anyone given the resources at mr sarne's disposal could have screwed up so royally remains a closely - guarded secret . only michael cimino ever came close with the political and artistic armageddon that constitutes  " heaven's gate "  . both films appeared to be ego trips for their respective directors but at least mr cimino had made one of the great movies of the 1970s before squandering the studio's largesse , whereas mr sarne had only the rather fey  " joanna "  in his locker .  furthermore ,  " heaven's gate "  could boast some memorable and well - handled set - pieces where , tragically ,  " myra breckinridge " s cupboard was bare .  simply put , it is overwhelmingly the worst example of biting the hand that feeds in the history of hollywood . 
 ( i'll indicate in this review the point where spoilers begin .  )  my dissatisfaction is split :  30% tone-deafness ,  70% lackluster writing .   the 30% :  i agree with the first commenter's synopsis about the lack of diversity in the characters and scope of the stories .  i was surprised how ,  this film ,  at best ,  woefully shortchanges the real nyc by presenting a collection of people and relationships so narrow as to come across as if it's inhabited only by the cast of gossip girl  ( this is coming from someone who likes gossip girl )  .  a few minority characters are written into the stories ,  but they are included by obligation ,  while we can see the gears under the film so clearly ,  striving to  " be diverse "  but falling ever-so-short .   the 70% is why everything falls short .  all characters ,  white plus a few token minorities ,  are one-dimensional ,  cardboard cutouts of people concepts .  worse ,  their interactions with each other are scripted in such a way that for each vignette in the film the audience is treated to what i'd say is a  " gag "  :  we get a basic conceit ,  then some punchline intended to be a clever twist .  but even if we suspended cynicism for a moment to say ,   " okay ,  that was a surprise "  .  .  . the stories are still not that interesting ,  because they ,  too ,  are shallow .  when you fashion stories so that their existence hinges solely on the unexpectedness of the ending ,  you're writing jokes .   spoilers below .  .  .   the movie primarily tries to tell romantic stories .  that's fine .  but romance is amazing ,  deep ,  sometimes complex .  these  " romantic "  stories each feature a girl and a boy who at some point share the same location and get to look at each other .  words exchange ,  thoughts are projected through voice-over ,  but they too only manage to communicate to the audience merely that one person is attracted to another .   meaning ,  there is no seduction  ( in the broad sense )  ,  no tension ,  and neither confrontation nor communion between the wills of two different people trying to reconcile their existence to accommodate the other .  the only story involving a superficial  " seduction "  is told just so the audience ends up being surprised that the guy  ( ethan hawke )  gets outwitted by the girl he's hitting on ,  who unexpectedly turns out to be a hooker .  sure ,  his words when trying to pick her up are interesting to hear and we are amused as we'd be if we were next to them ,  but there is nothing of substance to this story outside of  " a then b "  .  so it unfolds ,  if something like a postcard could  " unfold "  ,  with all the other tales as well :  a then b--that's it ,  the only point being that these happen to occur  " on set "  in manhattan .  by the way ,  the only brooklyn we see is the coney island sketch ;  the only queens is the flickering of a train ride taken by a character traveling to the west village .   it's easy to pick at movies that play into all the common stereotypes of race ,  gender ,  sexual orientation ,  and so on .  _new york ,  i love you_ ,  however ,  deserves to be held to stricter scrutiny because of its title .  we expect to see the real new york ,  and real new yorkers ,  but instead we have paraded before us the selected slice of a demographic ,  its characters flown in from the o . c .  ,  plus a few others to make it seem as if we are paying attention to diversity .  but when we look closer at who those characters are ,  the whole sham becomes an affront to the very notion of diversity and the ethnicities and cultures the movie shamefully fails to represent .   for example ,  the story with the latino man with the little white girl in the park ,  who gets mistaken by two ladies as her manny  ( male nanny )  when in fact he's the father .  notwithstanding the last scene of this part was unnecessary from a dramatic-construction point of view  ( it would have been far more interesting to end it when the mother and boyfriend/stepfather are strutting the girl away )  ,  it is frankly a bit disgusting that the scene where we learn for sure that the girl's father is latino also must inform us that he is a sexually desirable dancer .  what ,  the dad can't be just some guy from south america ?  now that he's obviously hot ,  is the audience better prepared to accept that he had a kid with a middle-to-upper-class white woman ?  are we that naive as to require such ?  as if a mexican construction worker would obviously be too unpalatable .   it's not my place to dictate where the movie should have gone .  but in every conceivable set-up and plot twist ,  the direction taken screams status quo ,  appeals to safety .  all these stories could have been made more interesting ,  even if we were forced to keep the single-dimensionality of the characters inhabiting them ,  at the very least by not choosing from standard and obvious stereotypes .  asian girl living in chinatown being leered at by a scraggly old white guy ?  how 'bout an asian cougar pursuing a white college kid instead .  again ,  i'm not saying the entire conceit has to be changed .  it's just that every .  damn .  story premise .  is so hackneyed--and thus they fail to convey anything about why one might love new york ,  outside the trite .  the real way to have improved the film would be to have written a script worth reading .   i will concede the pleasantness of the soundtrack ,  the good pacing of the movie  ( even if what was being paced was ,  well ,  dredge )  ,  and the general feel of many of the scenes .  the movie was just fine to sit through ,  and i wouldn't dissuade anyone from doing so .  however ,  it is telling that the most significant homage paid to non-superficiality is when the old opera singer says  ( paraphrased )   " that's what i love about new york :  everyone's from a different place .  "  well ,  you wouldn't know it from watching this one . 
it was a disappointment to see this dvd after so many years .  for me the main problem's the uneven script .   while some of it is witty and hip ,  quite a bit of it is dull ,  unfunny and lifeless .  many of the gags just sit there ,  lacking spark and energy .   of the cast ,  mae west and rachel welch come over well .  roger herren in the role of rusty shines  ( too bad he didn't make more films )  .  but for my money ,  there's just too much of john huston ,  and poor rex reed isn't hardly given a fighting chance .  his character seems relegated to skim around on the sidelines ,  wondering what he's doing in this film .   the low user rating should give an idea as to the public's opinion of this piece .  vidal's original provided much potential that was pretty much wasted .  not even the 'classic' film clips did much .  all in all a rather sub par effort ,  and it's not likely to get much better with time . 
i never much liked the myra movie ,  tho i appreciate how it pushed the hollywood envelope at the time .  certainly miss welch's costume became an iconic image ,  though i have to wonder if many people who recognize the image really saw the film and know what it was all about -  i rewatched myra on fmc a couple of years ago and didn't think it had aged any better thru the years .  there's a segment about it in the sexploitation cinema cartoon history comic books ,  where it's given proper credit for putting such big stars in what was then an outrageous production .  however ,  imho ,  the movie is too bitter to be charming ,  too silly to be a turn-on ,  and so busy trying to shock that it fails to inform ,  engage ,  or entertain ---
i saw  " myra breckinridge "  when it first came out in 1970 .  i was a healthy 20-year-old at the time ,  who loved movies and really liked raquel welsh .  on top of that ,  i had read the gore vidal novel it was based on and thought it was very funny .  i saw the movie at a local drive-in and about half way through i was sorely tempted to turn the motor of my car on so that maybe i'd die of monoxide poisoning and not have to see the rest of this shipwreck of a movie .  it wasn't  " smart "  or  " trendy "  ,  it was gross and sloppy .  all the actors were tone deaf and the director didn't have the slightest idea what he was doing .  the casting of mae west was one of the worst casting choices in movie history .  as one reviewer here said ,  her role had nothing to do with the movie or book .  her character in the book is sexually beaten up by the young stud ,  which would never do for the legendary ms .  west .  oh no ,  the plot is changed so she sexually beats him up ,  very believable from a 77-year-old woman who looks every day of her age .  i could go on ,  but why ?  it was an awful movie .   bluto
myron breckinridge  ( rex reed !  !  !  )  gets a sex change from a doctor  ( john carradine--dead drunk )  and comes out as myra  ( raquel welch )  .  she then decides to destroy male masculinity  ( or something like that )  and proceeds to teach film history at an acting college run by lecherous john huston  ( don't ask )  and break up a young happy couple  ( young ,  handsome ,  hunky roger herren and farrah fawcett--yes the farrah fawcett )  .    they took a great novel by gore vidal that was unfilmable and ,  naturally ,  tried to film it .  they also hired an english guy with a decidedly anti-american attitude and hired a bunch of actors with questionable  " talent "   ( welch ,  reed )  and embarassed old professionals  ( huston ,  carradine ,  andy devine ,  jim backus ,  mae west )  ,  threw it all together and .  .  .  . surprise !  !  !  an absolute disaster .    the film got an x rating at its release  ( it's been lowered to an r )  ,  mostly because of a truly tasteless scene in which welch sodomizes rusty  ( roger herren )  and a scene in which welch attempts to have sex with fawcett .   the movie is very scattershot .  .  . scenes jump all over the place and people say and do things that make no sense .  it's not good at all but i was never bored .    acting varies wildly .  .  . reed is horrible .  .  . really sad .  huston chews the scenery again and again and again to a nauseating extreme .  welch is actually not bad as myra but her lines make no sense so you never know what to make of her .  west is hardly in the movie  ( a blessing )  and it's really kind of sick to hear a woman almost 80 years old cracking sex jokes .  roger herren  ( whatever happened to .  .  .  )  was very young ,  handsome and not bad as rusty .  fawcett is ok .   it's hard to find things to say about this .  .  . you just watch it in disbelief .  a must see movie--to believe !  !  !  ! 
that's certainly a strange way to promote a film upon which a great deal rested .  and it seems like plain suicide on the part of the studio ,  given that  ( 1 )  the feuds between the cast were well known long before the movie's release .   ( 2 )  the feud between the producer ( robert fryer )  and director  (  michael sarne )  was also common knowledge .   ( 3 )  the cast made no secret of their contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity ,  with daily bulletins from the set gleefully reported by gossip columnists everywhere .   and  ( 4 )  the author ,  gore vidal hated it practically from day one .  nevertheless ,  that tagline just about sums it up .  raquel welch does   give a decent performance as myra ,  and she looks lovely besides .  john huston is very funny as buck loner ,  the ex-cowboy star who runs a phony acting academy .  mae west ,   ( in her first screen appearance since 1943 )  naturally rewrote her part to suit herself ,  and she is great as ''oversexed''  ( and that's putting it mildly )  ''talent agent'' leticia van allen .  still ,  she must have wondered  ( after waiting so long for a good vehicle in which to return )  how she ever ended up in this mess .   tom selleck  ( in his film debut )  is one of her ''clients'' .  john carradine and jim backus ,  as doctors ,  also amble in briefly .  rex reed as myron ,  farrah fawcett and roger herren ,  as the victims of myra/myron's sexual passion ,  are neither here nor there .  the same goes for the script ,  which not only fails to focus on the basic plot of the book ,  but seems to head in at least three different directions at once .  although west's part was originally larger ,  she was reduced to a cameo role by the time sarne was through with the editing .  and ,  partly because of this ,  she seems to be in a different movie .  apparently ,  at some point ,  the producers realized that mae was going to be the film's big draw ,  and ,  unable to replace most of her cut footage ,  they rushed her back to the set at the end of filming for the second of her two songs ,  both of which come out of nowhere .  the device sarne used of throwing in old film clips of bygone stars to emphasize whatever points he was making ,  doesn't work at all .  by the time the movie concludes ,  all a weary spectator can do is wonder what in the hell it was all about .  not surprisingly ,  just about everyone connected with the production felt the same way ,  and it died at the box office .  a technically flawless dvd includes ,   ( among other extras )  separate commentaries from both welch and sarne ,  each of whom have completely opposite opinions of just what went wrong . no doubt it's home video re-release was prompted by a 2001'' vanity fair'' piece ,  which attempted  ( in great detail )  to do the same thing .  true ,  the structure of the novel made a screen adaptation a dubious undertaking ,  but ,  with sarne at the helm of what was obviously a ''troubled'' production ,  it really never had a chance . 
this hodge-podge adapted from a gore vidal novel  ( actually one of the great american writers )  makes the magic christian and valley of the dolls look like fellini art-works .  raquel welch ,  with an incredible body  ( and she's actually not very tall )  in a lead role  ( except for kansas city bomber when she was quite good )  playing rex reed's  ( bad movie reviewer ;  not critic )  alter-ego ,  only to be surrounded by drag queen  ( great chick )  mae west ,  horny john huston ,  a young and  " naive "  farrah fawcett  ( pre-lee majors ;  what a shame )  ,  and other various creep-azoids to pretend to spoof way too may things has nothing going for it except inter-spliced old films clips  ( i . e .  widmark in kiss of death ,  lena horne )  .  .  . just so they can continue to bleed the life out of everyone .   a 2 out of 10 .  best performance =  ?  .  it's so bad ,  it's worth seeing ! 
i've seen all four of the movies in this series .  each one strays further and further from the books .  this is the worst one yet .  my problem is that it does not follow the book it is titled after in any way !  the directors and producers should have named it any thing other than  " love's abiding joy .  "  the only thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters  ( willie ,  missie ,  henry ,  clark ,  scottie and cookie )  .  the names/ages/genders of the children are wrong .  the entire story line is no where in the book .   i find it a great disservice to janette oke ,  her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is not correct in any way .  the music is too loud .  the actors are not convincing - they lack emotions .   if you want a good family movie ,  this might do .  it is clean .  don't watch it ,  though ,  if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book .  i hope that this will be the last movie from this series ,  but i doubt it .  if there are more movies made ,  i wish michael landon ,  jr and others would stick closer to the original plot and story lines .  the books are excellent and ,  if closely followed ,  would make excellent movies ! 
it was the sixties ,  and anyone with long hair and a hip ,  distant attitude could get money to make a movie .  that's how michael sarne ,  director of this colossal flop ,  was able to get the job .  sarne is one of the most supremely untalented people ever given a dollar to make a movie .  in fact ,  the whole studio must have been tricked into agreeing to hire a guy who had made exactly one previous film ,  a terribly precious 60's-hip black and white featurette called joanna .  that film starred the similarly talentless actress/waif genevieve waite who could barely speak an entire line without breaking into some inappropriate facial expression or bat-like twitter .  sarne ,  who was probably incapable of directing a cartoon ,  never mind a big-budget hollywood film ,  was in way over his head .  david giler's book is the best place to go to find out how the faux-infant terrible sarne was able to pull the wool over everyone's eyes .  if there is ever an historical marker which indicates the superficiality and shallowness of an era ,  myra breckinridge provides that marker .  it embodies the emptiness and mindless excess of a decade which is more often remembered for a great sea-change in the body politic .  breckinridge is a touchstone of another ,  equally important vein .  watch this movie and you'll get a different perspective on the less-often mentioned vacuity of spirit which so often passed for talent during those years .   many reviewers have spoken about the inter-cutting of footage from other films ,  especially older ones .  some actually liked these clunky  " comments "  on what was taking place in the movie ,  others found them senseless ,  annoying ,  and obtrusive ,  though since the film is so bad itself any intrusion would have to be an improvement .    in my opinion ,  the real reason michael sarne put so many film clips into myra brekinridge was to paper over the bottomless insufficiency of wit and imagination that he possessed .  that is to say ,  sarne was so imagination-challenged that he just threw these clips in to fill space and take up time .  they weren't inspiration ,  they were desperation .  his writing skills were nonexistent ,  and david giler had wisely stepped away from the project as one might from a ticking bomb ,  so sarne was left to actually try and make a movie ,  and he couldn't .  it was beyond his slim capabilities .  hence the introduction of what seems like one half of an entire film's worth of clips .  the ghosts of writers and directors - many long since passed on - were called upon to fix this calamitous flopperoo because sarne sure as heck wasn't able to .  this was what he came up with on those days he sat on the set and thought for eight hours while the entire cast and crew  ( not to mention the producers and the accountants )  cooled their heels and waited for something ,  some great spark of imagination ,  a hint of originality ,  a soupcon of wit ,  to crackle forth from the brow of zeus .  um ,  oops .  no zeus + no imagination + no sparks = millions of little dollar bills with tiny wings - each made from the hundreds of licensing agreements required to use the clips - flying out the window .  bye-bye .    as for myself ,  i hated the film clips .  they denigrated sarne's many betters ,  poked fun at people whose talents - even those whose skills were not great - far outstripped the abilities of the director and so ultimately served to show how lacking he was in inspiration ,  originality - and even of plain competency - compared to even the cheesiest of them . 
anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you that i love bad movies almost as much as i love great ones ,  and i can honestly say that i have finally seen one of the all-time legendary bad movies :  the almost indescribable mess that is myra breckinridge .  an adaptation of gore vidal's best-selling book  ( he later disowned this film version )  ,  the star-studded myra breckinridge is truly a movie so bad that it remains bizarrely entertaining from beginning to end .  the x-rated movie about sex change operations and hollywood was an absolute catastrophe at the box office and was literally booed off the screen by both critics and audiences at the time of it's release .  not surprisingly ,  the film went on to gain a near-legendary cult status among lovers of bad cinema ,  and i was actually quite excited to finally see for the first time .   director michael sarne  ( who only had two other previous directing credits to his name at the time )  ,  took a lot of flack for the finished film ,  and ,  in honesty ,  it really does not look like he had a clue about what he was trying to achieve .  the film is often incoherent ,  with entire sequences edited together in such a half-hazzard manner that many scenes become nearly incomprehensible .  also irritating is the gimmick of using archival footage from the fox film vaults and splicing it into the picture at regular intervals .  this means that there is archival footage of past film stars such as judy garland and shirley temple laced into newly-film scenes of often lewd sexual acts ,  and the process just doesn't work as intended  ( this also caused a minor uproar ,  as actors such as temple and loretta young sued the studio for using their image without permission )  .   perhaps sarne is not the only one to blame ,  however ,  as the film's screenplay and casting will also make many viewers shake their heads in disbelief .  for instance ,  this film will ask you to believe that the scrawny film critic rex reed  ( in his first and last major film role )  could have a sex change operation and emerge as the gorgeous sex goddess raquel welch ?  !  the film becomes further hard to follow when welch as myra attempts to take over a film school from her sleazy uncle  ( played by legendary film director john huston )  ,  seduce a nubile female film student  ( farrah fawcett )  ,  and teach the school's resident bad boy  ( roger herren )  a lesson by raping him with a strap-on dildo .  did everyone follow that ?    and it gets even better  ( or worse ,  depending upon your perspective )  !  i have yet to mention the film's top-billed star :  the legendary screen sex symbol of the nineteen-thirties ,  mae west !  ms .  west was 77 year old when she appeared in this film  ( she had been retired for 26 years )  ,  and apparently she still considered herself to be a formidable sex symbol as she plays an upscale talent agent who has hunky men  ( including a young tom selleck )  throwing themselves at her .  as if this weren't bad enough ,  the tone-deaf west actually performs two newly-written songs about halfway through the film ,  and i think that i might have endured permanent brain damage from listening to them !    naturally ,  none of this even closely resembles anything that any person of reasonable taste would describe as  " good ,  "  but i would give myra breckinridge a 4 out of 10 because it was always morbidly entertaining even when i had no idea what in the hell was supposed to be going on .  also ,  most of the cast tries really hard .  raquel ,  in particular ,  appears so hell-bent in turning her poorly-written part into something meaningful that she single-handedly succeeds in making the movie worth watching .  if she had only been working with a decent screenplay and capable director then she might have finally received some respect form critics .   the rest of the cast is also fine .  the endearingly over-the-top john huston  ( who really should have been directing the picture )  has some funny moments ,  rex reed isn't bad for a non-actor ,  and farrah fawcett is pleasantly fresh-faced and likable .  roger herren is also fine ,  but he never appeared in another movie again after this  ( i guess he just couldn't live down being the guy who was rapped by raquel welch )  .  and as anyone could guess from the description above ,  mae west was totally out of her mind when she agreed to do this movie - but that's part of what makes it fun for those of us who love bad cinema . 
i have to say i was very curious on viewing this film ,  and it was considered a notorious disaster when released by 20th century fox in 1970 .  it has also popped up on several critics lists of bad films ,  and this only deepened an interest ,  as i just had to see what made this movie so bad . upon seeing it ,  i think i have my answers .  although i will say it does make for curious viewing ,  the acting ,  direction ,  and script are so laughingly bad ,  that the supposed satire is completely missing .  racquel welch seems to try to carry the film ,  but after the opening sequence of the sex-change operation ,  the film goes so far down hill that she cannot handle this task alone .  john huston as uncle buck loner is certainly no help ,  as he licks and leers at the screen ,  he sometimes looks like he wonders himself what he's doing there .  rex reed bounces around as myron ,  myra's alter ego ,  and even has his own celebrated masturbation scene .  bravo for debut performances !  farrah fawcett plays a dumb blonde ;  she certainly seemed convincing in this role .  but  ,  of course ,  arguably the most notorious role went to mae west .  the sight of a 75 year old woman with a plastic face making sexual innuendos seemed more suitable for a horror film .  i don't mean to put this cast down personally ;  but in this film ,  no one comes out looking good .  the direction seems so unassured and non-existent ,  that the film is not only bad ,  but boring as well .  throw in some old film footage of old stars ,  and the movie becomes even more disconnected .  to each his own to anyone that enjoyed this ,  and i was glad i at least saw it ,  but myra breckenridge seems to be the disaster that it was always reputed to be from the beginning . 
when i bought this dvd i though :   " it seems to be a nice light comedy about love and relationships made up in portuguese standards let's give it a chance "  i was totally wrong !  what a disappointing movie !  first ,  it's not a comedy ;  it's a cheap drama which can be so melodramatic that it's even worse than many portuguese soap operas !  second ,  the plot is so boring ,  and leads nowhere it has no structure ,  it just flows ,  like the wind ,  in one or another direction the production is also bad !  the sound mixing is horrible ,  because sometimes the voices are disconnected .  it made me remind some old portuguese movies from the 80's the acting should have been better too well ,  to sum up ,  it's not with films like this one that portuguese cinema will improve !  in fact ,  it was one of the worst portuguese movies i have seen in the last years !  bad argument ,  bad acting ,  bad production i had no high hopes for this movie ,  but it was much worse than i've ever imagined !  just forget about it ! 
watching this last night it amazed me that fox spent so much money on it and got so little back on their investment .  it's the kind of disaster that has to be seen to be believed .   i'm sure that the first morning of filming raquel welch dusted off the shelf over her fireplace to prepare a spot for the academy award she would surely win for this daringly original movie .  oops .  that's not what happened .   the infighting on the set was detailed in print by rex reed and this helped the movie attain a reputation before it was even released .  when it was finally released there wasn't the usual three ring circus of publicity .  if i remember correctly ,  in houston it opened at drive-ins and neighborhood theatres and never played any of the big venues .   i lay most of the blame on director michael sarne ,  who was hot after having directed  ( the not all that good )  joanna ,  a film with music about young people in swinging mod london .   if i recall correctly ,  fox wound up firing him and piecing the film together the best they could .  that's why scenes play out in no particular sequence and characters appear and then vanish .  an impressive supporting cast  ( kathleen freeman ,  jim backus ,  john carradine ,  andy devine and others )  is wasted with nothing to do .   to expand it to feature length there are numerous clips from fox movies featuring stars like carmen miranda  ( in amazing footage from the gang's all here )  andlaurel and hardy ,  who never dreamed they'd be playing in an x rated movie .   the x rating is due to occasional language numerous sexual perversions ;  however ,  none of the characters seem to be having any fun .  maybe somebody involved with the film had a warped puritan sensibility and figured that if they could make these things unappealing it wasn't bad to exploit them .   this was one of the  " youth "  pictures that nearly bankrupted hollywood in the 1970's .  one writer joked that easy rider  ( which was made for pocket change )  was the most expensive movie ever made because so many films followed which tried and failed in the worst way to duplicate its success .  sixtyish ,  once honored directors like stanley kramer and otto preminger made movies like rpm and skidoo in an effort to attract a young audience .  white directors and writers attempted to make films to attract a black audience .  those movies are locked somewhere in a vault and the two named and many others from that genre have never ,  as best i know ,  been out on home video or cable .  they're the studios' deep dark secret .   raquel welch's performance in this is ,  all things considered ,  very good .  with the right direction and script she could played the type of sassy liberated women rosiland russel and barbara stanwyck specialized in .  she looks great and has awesome costumes .  mae west is the liveliest seventy-something actress i've ever seen .  on the one hand it's kind of heartbreaking to watch her attempt to capture her glory from years gone by ,  but i'm sure she needed the money .   if you want to see a big budget x-rated movie from this era check out beyond the valley of the dolls  ( also from fox )  because it doesn't take itself seriously .  it's crazy kids playing with the equipment at a major studio .  myra breckinridge tries to say something .  there just wasn't anyone who wanted to listen . 
i bought this dvd without any previous reference but the names of john huston ,  raquel welch ,  mae west and farrah fawcett on its cover .  i found the brazilian title very weird ,  but i decided to watch expecting to see a funny comedy maybe like  " switch "  .  however the non-sense story is awful and hard to be described .  myron breckinridge  ( rex reed )  is submitted to a surgery to change his sex in copenhagen and he returns to hollywood telling that she is to be myra breckinridge  ( raquel welch )  and claiming half the property of his uncle buck loner  ( john huston )  .  along the days ,  myra and her alter-ego myron corrupt a young couple in her uncle's academy with kinky sex .  in a certain moment ,  the messy screenplay is so confused that i believe the whole story was only a mind trip of myron induced by the accident .  unfortunately the beauties of raquel welch and farrah fawcett are not enough to hold this flick .  my vote is three .   title  ( brazil )  :   " homem & mulher até certo ponto "   (  " man & woman up to a point "  ) 
seldom seen since theatrical release in 1970 ,  myra breckinridge has become a byword for cinematic debacles of legendary proportions .  now at last on dvd in an unexpectedly handsome package ,  it is as unlikely to win wide audiences today as it was when first released .    gore vidal's 1968 bestseller was a darkly satirical statement .  most filmmakers felt that the novel's story ,  structure ,  and overall tone would not translate to film ,  and industry insiders were surprised when 20th century fox not only acquired the rights but also hired vidal to adapt his novel to the screen .  but studio executives soon had cold feet :  vidal's adaptations were repeatedly rejected and novice writer-director michael sarne was brought in to bring the film to the screen .   studio executives hoped that sarne would tap into the youth market they saw as a target for the film ,  but sarne proved even more out of synch with the material than the executives themselves .  rewrite upon rewrite followed .  the cast ,  sensing disaster ,  became increasingly combative .  in her dvd commentary ,  star raquel welch says that she seldom had any idea of what myra's motives were from scene to scene or even within any single scene itself ,  and that each person involved seemed to be making an entirely different film .  in the accompanying  " back story "  documentary ,  rex reed says that myra breckinridge was a film made by a bunch of people who hid in their dressing rooms while waiting for their lawyers to return their calls .   the accuracy of these comments are demonstrated by the film itself .  the basics of vidal's story are there ,  but not only has the story been shorn of all broader implications ,  it seems to have no point in and of itself .  everything runs off in multiple directions ,  nothing connects ,  and numerous scenes undercut whatever logic previous scenes might have had .  and while director sarne repeatedly states in his commentary that he wanted to make the film as pure farce ,  the only laughs generated are accidental .   chief among these accidents is mae west .  it is true that west is unexpectedly well preserved in appearance and that she had lost none of her way with a one-liner--but there is no getting around the fact that she is in her seventies ,  and her conviction that she is the still the sexiest trick in shoe leather is extremely unsettling ,  to say the least .  but worse ,  really ,  is the fact that west is outside her era .  her efforts to translate herself into a hip and happening persona results in one of the most embarrassing self-caricatures ever seen on film .   the remaining cast is largely wasted .  raquel welch ,  a significantly underestimated actress ,  plays the title role of myra very much like a barbie doll on steroids ;  non-actor rex reed is unexpectedly effective in the role of myron ,  but the entire role is essentially without point .  only john huston and cameo players john carradine ,  jim backus ,  william hopper ,  and andy devine emerge relatively unscathed .  yes ,  it really is the debacle everyone involved in the film feared it would be :  fast when it should be slow ,  slow when it should be fast ,  relentlessly unfunny from start to finish .  it is true that director sarne does have the occasional inspired idea--as in his use of film clips of everyone from shirley temple to judy garland to create counterpoint to the action--but by and large ,  whenever sarne was presented with a choice of how to do something he seems to have made the wrong one .   the how and why of that is made clear in sarne's audio commentary .  sarne did not like the novel or ,  for that matter ,  the subject matter in general .  he did not want to write the screenplay ,  but he needed the money ;  he emphatically did not want to direct the film ,  but he need the money .  he makes it very clear that he disliked author gore vidal and rex reed  ( at one point he flatly states that reed  " is not a nice person "  )  ,  and to this day he considers that vidal and reed worked in tandem to sabotage the film because he refused to play into their 'homosexual agenda'--which ,  when you come right down to it ,  seems to have been their desire that sarne actually film vidal's novel rather than his own weirdly imagined take-off on it .   although he spends a fair amount of commentary time stating that the film is widely liked by the gay community ,  sarne never quite seems to understand that the appeal of the film for a gay audience arises from his ridiculously inaccurate depiction of homosexual people .  when taken in tandem with the film itself ,  sarne emerges as more than a little homophobic--and quite frankly the single worst choice of writers and directors that could have been made for this project .   in addition to the sarne and welch commentaries and the making-of documentary ,  the dvd release includes several trailers and two versions of the film :  a  " theatrical release "  version and a  " restored "  version .  the only difference between the two is that the final scene in the  " restored "  version has been printed to black and white .  the edits made before the film went into general release have not been restored ,  but the documentary details what they were .  the widescreen transfers of both are remarkably good and the sound is quite fine .  but to end where i began ,  this is indeed a film that will most interest film historians ,  movie buffs ,  and cult movie fans .  i give it three out of five stars for their sake alone ,  but everyone else should pass it by .   gary f .  taylor ,  aka gft ,  amazon reviewer
myra breckinridge is one of those rare films that established its place in film history immediately .  praise for the film was absolutely nonexistent ,  even from the people involved in making it .  this film was loathed from day one .  while every now and then one will come across some maverick who will praise the film on philosophical grounds  ( aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the issue of transgenderism )  ,  the film has not developed a cult following like some notorious flops do .  it's not hailed as a misunderstood masterpiece like scarface ,  or trotted out to be ridiculed as a camp classic like showgirls .    undoubtedly the reason is that the film ,  though outrageously awful ,  is not lovable ,  or even likable .  myra breckinridge is just plain mean .  as a hollywood satire it is cold-blooded and mean-spirited ,  but in a hollow pointless way .  myra takes for granted that hollywood is a corrupt town ,  but goes further to attack such beloved icons as laurel and hardy ,  shirley temple ,  judy garland and gary cooper .  the film seems to imply that everything about hollywood is by its very nature vile .  it seems to think that there is something inherently courageous about mocking sacred cows ,  but doesn't supply a rationale for doing the mocking in the first place .  the film is also viscously anti-american and anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-that ,  but all in a superficial ,  late-1960's ,  trendy way .  like casino royale ;  ski-doo ;  i love you ,  alice b .  toklas and other would-be hip epics ,  myra is a middle-aged vision of the hippy-dippy youth culture .  it tries to embrace the very attitude that it belittles .  but instead of being cheerfully self-mocking ,  myra makes no attempt to conceal its contempt for everything that comes within its grasp .  myra breckinridge has the humor of a bully ;  there's not a single moment of innocence in it .  its intentions aren't honorable .  time magazine aptly described it as being  " about as funny as a child molester ,  "  but it's not nearly as sympathetic .   for instance ,  poor mae west bore the brunt of so much of the criticism aimed at the film ,  being described as looking like everything from an aging drag queen to a reanimated walking corpse .  the octogenarian star obviously didn't know just how ridiculous she looked playing a lecherous talent agent lusting after men young enough to be her grandsons or even her great-grandsons .  but ,  director michael sarne had to know ,  but he used her anyway .  why ?  because ,  she apparently was the joke .  just like john huston ,  john carradine ,  grady sutton ,  andy devine and other veteran performers in the film ,  they are there only so the film can mock their age and use them to trash their film images .  they are cast as smarmy self-parodies ,  as is rex reed ,  the arrogant ,  fey film critic ,  who is cast as just that in the film .  but the real reed ,  the celebrity hound ,  jet-setting ,  talk show gossip ,  can be charming in an obnoxiously funny way ;  but as myron ,  myra's alter ego ,  he is just obnoxious .  again ,  apparently for sarne ,  reed is the joke .   you watch myra breckinridge and you don't see actors ,  you see victims .  none more so than raquel welch .  no one will ever accuse welch of being a great actress ,  but it is a testament to her tenacity and her appeal that she survived this film and her career prospered .  being in almost every scene ,  welch was front and center as a target for abuse aimed at the film ,  but to her credit ,  she gives a remarkably nuanced performance .  though ,  of course ,  centered between the scenery chewing huston and the almost catatonic west ,  welch doesn't have to do much to strike a good balance .  even so ,  she renders her horribly unfunny dialogue with a deadpan smirk ,  with just the hint of self-righteous glee that would do any james bond villain proud .  legend has it that welch was snubbed by a condescending west and subjected to repeated verbal abuse on the set by bumbling director sarne ,  not to mention being featured in one degrading scene after another ,  making it all the more remarkable that she was able to give such a cool and collected performance .   the film's only intriguing element is trying to figure out just what the film's agenda is .  the whole story is a fantasy fable ,  which should indicate that it has a moral to deliver ,  but what that might be is anybody's guess .  with all of its talk about destroying  " the last vestigial traces of traditional manhood from the race ,  "  it would seem to have a feminist axe to grind .  but as a feminist ,  myra is a monstrous figure ,  a sexual predator .  besides ,  myra isn't a woman ,  rather she is a delusion of myron ,  who presumably is a gay male .  that might explain the male rape scene as well as the character's love/hate attitude toward the macho ,  seemingly straight ,  deadhead rusty ,  but it doesn't explain his/her obsession for and the supposedly lesbian tryst with farrah fawcett's mary ann .  the film is obsessed with sex ,  but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution ;  all the sex is treated as being ,  if not dirty ,  than at least perverse and degrading .  turning to gore vidal's original novel isn't of any help ,  because it is as confused and pointless as the movie .   and this is a rare movie that actually seems to hate movies .  not just movies as a business ,  but movies as part of the culture as well .  the film itself is wall-to-wall arcane references to old movies ,  all of which director-screenwriter sarne approaches with a seething disdain .  he has raided the film vaults of 20th century-fox and peppered the film with snippets of old films ,  not as an homage or to provide a social commentary ,  but to mock the innocence of old hollywood .  how can an artist -- if you generously want to call sarne that -- make a work of art if he already hates the very medium he is working in ?  the very effort is totally self-defeating .   myra breckinridge doesn't seem to be in favor of anything other than being just nasty .  it hates hollywood ,  it hates america ,  it hates sex ,  it hates gays and straights and women and men and old people and young people and laurel and hardy and ,  well ,  you name it and it probably has a scene showing contempt for it .  in a very sad and sorry way ,  myra breckinridge may be the first punk manifesto ,  a celebration of pop culture nihilism . 
generally i like horror movies ,  but unfortunately this fell out of the one pound bargain bin into my friends hand .  we sat down to watch it ,  ready to be scared and ended up spraying food everywhere we were laughing so much .  the concept isn't that bad ,  but why they decided number ten in the series would be lucky i don't know .  the worst thing about the movie is the actors .  the camera work was poor ,  the special effects are actually not bad if i am being generous ,  but overall the story failed to connect on any levels because the actors were as effective as a small lump of badly charred elm .  they were wooden beyond measure ,  especially a foppish young actor who was fifteen years too young to be taken seriously as any kind of government agent .  he looked more like a public school boy in fact .  there was a really amusing sex scene where he looked like he was bobbing for apples as a busty lady rode on top of him and later his nappy sized underpants were hysterical ,  but then i remembered it wasn't supposed to be a comedy .  i'm desperately wracking my brain to find something positive to say about this movie apart from the occasional flash of breasts ,  but there simply isn't .  let's hope ten was the lucky number and they don't do another one ,  i'm not sure my ribs could take it . 
i still can't believe how bad this movie was .  if i wasn't a massochist i don't know if i would have survived the viewing .  it looks like it cost about $1000 to make ,  but it wasn't the money that brought them down .  the acting was horrid - not just bad ,  3rd graders could have read the lines better .  second ,  the only other reason to watch this kind of movie is the skin ,  and that is sorely lacking in this flick .  we don't even get to see the more attractive chicas in the buff .    ahh well ,  better luck next time eh ? 
yeah i saw the rough cuts .  the unedited sex scenes .  the dire cut scenes .  almost on a par with the film 'the need' for awful acting .  this movie is as bad as bad films get . the bad script ,  bad acting ,  bad effects ,  bad locations ,  bad stunts bad everything .  the best 'actors' in the film were the lap dancers they hired for the vampire extras !   sean harry ,  the 'foppish actor' as someone else put it ,  makes a matchstick look talented here .  his amazing ability to badly drive a car ,  when it is obviously being shook by people on the bonnet  ( check out the reflection in the windscreen )  ,  his inability to turn left ,  which is class .  oh and don't forget the sex scene .  plus his noteworthy use of a toy gun which the props guys couldn't even be bothered to disguise as a real gun .  the other actors on screen could barely deliver their lines . it was as if half the time they were waiting for a line that wasn't there !   the 'special effects' were soooo good to the point that the guys who did it took their real names off the credits !   if you want a laugh at a party then rent this movie .  .  . then again there are plenty of good comedies that are just as funny and don't give money to people who don't deserve it . 
 " mistress of the craft "  celeste works as an agent for the london branch of interpol's bureau 17 ,  which specializes in  ( i think )  occult criminals .  she possesses the eye of destiny ,  good in her hands ,  dangerous if anyone else got it .   bureau 17 has caught a satanist from california ,  hyde  ( no relation to dr .  jekyll )  .  detective lucy lutz of lapd flies to england to bring him back to the us .  lutz is the connection to the earlier witchcraft movies ,  having been played by stephanie beaton before in witchcraft 9 .  in part 7 ,  lutz was played by another woman ;  in 6 ,  lutz was a man !   lutz's part in 9 was not terribly big ,  but she's one of the main stars in this one .  though she's left behind her high heels and short skirts ,  she still has revealing tops in this one .  and this time around she has nude and sex scenes .  beaton is pretty appealing in the role .   as usual ,  there are a number of sex scenes .  an anonymous clubgoer has a fatal threesome with two vampires ,  the satanist and head vampire get it on with some kink ,  lutz finds an english pal ,  and celeste and her boyfriend make love .   the main recurring character of the witchcraft series ,  will spanner ,  does not appear in this one ,  although lutz mentions him to bureau 17 agent dixon in a conversation about vampires .  she also phones her partner detective garner  ( parts 6 ,  7 ,  and 9 )  ,  though we don't hear his end of the conversation .   hyde is sprung from jail by a group of vampires led by raven ,  for a walpurgis ritual having something to do with a god named morsheba  ( i think )  .  hyde delivers all of his lines in a very flat manner ,  while raven overacts to a campy degree .  the fight scenes are terribly choreographed .   the audio in the movie was pretty poorly recorded ,  and poorly edited .  additionally ,  some dialogue gets lost under blaring music or sirens .  cinematography isn't great either .  having the movie set in and actually shot in the uk was a bit of a novelty though ,  at least for this series .   wendy cooper is very good as celeste ;  attractive ,  certainly ,  but more importantly she's easily the best actor in the movie  ( bad fight scenes notwithstanding )  .  i'm quite surprised her filmography is so small .  if there's ever a witchcraft xiv ,  and i would bet there will be ,  they should bring her back ,  even if it means flying her to california !   witchcraft x is available on its own ,  or in the dvd collection hotter than hell along with witchcraft xi and two unrelated movies . 
ed wood is eclipsed and becomes orson welles .  this film is fantastic .  vampire witches who fight in terribly choreographed scenes and dialog that could have breaking ribs with laughter .  plan 9 from outerspace dons't stand a chance against this .  described by the writer and psychic stephen armourae on the vampire forum as a masterpiece- he's from england and thoroughly sarcastic .   it has stephanie beaton and the producers know whats going to save them from bankcrupcy by repeatedly using her .  though she leaves me cold as she looks more like the undead than all the devil raisers .  and eileen daly is just a lower rate elvira .  the whole thing is badly done .   watch it for the script though
i bought a set of 4 dvds for 10 bucks at my local suncoast ,  which contained this movie and three other trashy horror flicks  ( including its sequel  " witchcraft xi "  )  .  so basically i paid the rock bottom price of $2 . 50 for this movie ,  if you do the math .  i can't exactly say i was ripped off .  i have a thing for trashy horror movies ,  but this is the kind of trash that gives trash a bad name .  the budget couldn't be over $1 , 000  ( though it appears as if they spent a total of $1 . 50 )  .  i know it's a low-budget film ,  but that's no excuse for totally uninspired camerawork .  the film  " blood cult ,  "  though not very good ,  was made for an extremely low budget and still had fairly good camerawork and acting .  the acting in this movie is the definition of  " effortless ,  "  especially from that muscular guy with the texas accent .  everyone is pretty much reading their lines off the page .  you can take that figuratively or literally .  i wouldn't be surprised if the script was off-camera as they were performing .  i said before that i've never seen a bad english actor .  this movie has quite a few bad ones .  and though english movies aren't always good ,  they always seem to have at least a level of sophistication ,  which is why i don't see why any englishman ,  or englishwoman ,  would volunteer to do a home-video-style schlock flick like this .  did merchant ivory put a hold on their casting calls ?  usually ,  i think people are too hard on directors and actors .  even some of the worst movies in hollywood have some level of professionalism in the directing ,  acting and cinematography departments .  even when you watch a movie like  " glitter "  you can't honestly say it looks like a third-grader shot those scenes  ( though a third-grader could've written the script )  .  i've seen home movies that are shot better than  " witchcraft x ,  "  and that's no exaggeration whatsoever .  even the gore is minimal since the filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood on sale at party city .  not a single effort was put into making this movie--let's just sum it up like that .  you get the picture .  there's a good deal of nudity ,  though that doesn't save it .  however ,  i must say that girl with the red-orange hair ,  who's either naked or wearing a cleavage-popping outfit throughout the film ,  is really hot !    my score :  1  ( out of 10 ) 
john wayne & albert dekker compete for oil rights on indian territory ,  and for the attention of martha scott in this republic pictures film shot out of utah ,  usa .   an interesting western of sorts due to its characters and its more modern setting ,  with wayne & dekker playing the old and new factions of the west .  it's based on a story by thomson burtis who co-writes the script along with eleanore griffin and ethel hill .  albert rogell directs in the workmanlike way that befits his career .  a pretty mundane story is in truth saved by its final third ,  where thankfully the action picks up and we are treated to something resembling a pulse .  the light hearted approach to the romantic strand doesn't sit quite right ,  and a glorious fist fight between the two protagonists is ruined by rogell being unable to disguise the stunt men doing the work .  but hey ,  stunt men deserve their moment of glory always .  solid support comes from george 'gabby' hayes and wayne as usual has much screen charisma ,  particularly when rattling off his pistol .  but in spite of its better than usual republic budget ,  it remains a film of interest only to 1940s wayne enthusiasts .  4/10
i saw this movie last year in media class and i have to say i really hated it .  i was in year 10  ( and aged 15 )  so that may have has something to do with it .  but for english this year ,  year 11 ,  we had to read animal farm ,  also by george orwell .  aside from the fact that the book is based on the revolution ,  my opinion is that it is a terrible book ,  and i also hated it .   but 1984 ,  i think it was the most disturbing movie i have ever seen ,  and i think that george orwell is one of the most deranged people ever to live on this planet .  i'm sorry to everyone who loved his work ,  but i unfortunately did not .  the themes in the movie were well portrayed ,  but the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it were not to my standards .  this is only my opinion ,  and i'm sure many many other people thoroughly enjoyed this film . 
just saw it yesterday in the sao paulo intl film festival .  just before going i came here to see how it was rated ,  and at that time it was 7 . 4 ,  a pretty nice rate .  .  .   after 15 minutes i was dying to get out  ( never did this )  ,  but felt embarrassed to do so as the producer of the movie was in the screening .   i did not like at all ,  the dialogs are shallow and lead nowhere ,  the characters are shallower than the dialogs ,  nothing lead anywhere ,  and the worst and worst :  plenty of siemens and organics advertising on the movie .  despite the fact that i already paid to go to the movie and entertain myself ,  i still have to be bombarded by the main character chatting on the internet and siemens mobile popping-up all the time on her lap-top ;  or another character having a bath or cutting her hair just to have organics shampoo displayed enormously on the screen !  all of this would be bearable if the plot ,  characters ,  romances ,  anything was good ,  but was bad ,  really bad !  a  " don't know how to do "  sex-in-the-city .   don't waste your time or money . 
i must admit ,  there are few books with corresponding movies that i have actually read before seeing the cinematic adaptation .  nineteen eighty-four happens to be one of those rare cases .  the book was great .  it was immersive and interestingly prophetic .  but the movie just plain sucked .  it is easily the worst film i have ever seen .  the only reason i didn't turn it off after the first 5 minutes was the fact that watching the movie was half of a two-part assignment for a class .  it was dark and grotesque ,  but did nothing in the way of achieving the proper atmosphere .  the acting was nothing above average ,  and considering the fact that there wasn't much to act out ,  this was severely disappointing .  the book ,  for example ,  didn't give me the impression that winston was unable to blurt out more than a single syllable at a time .  boring ,  disturbing ,  and visually unappealing ,  the movie totally cannibalized the book .  wait a second .  .  . isn't it british ? 
i think that the shots and lighting were very poor .  when i watched it for the first time i thought it was the old version ( 1956 )  .  when i really found out the true year of the film i was shocked .  i didn't know that there could be such a bad film made so recently .  thats really all i wanted to say .  this film had a good plot though ,  nothing you couldn't miss out on if you would simply read the novel that george orwelll wrote .  all i really want to say has already been said except for this :  i can't believe that this film could have possibly received so many awards and nominations . i gave this film a one  ( awful )  ,  because i felt that it was very badly made .  well that is all .  so long
the book is fantastic ,  this film is not .  there is no reason this film could not have embraced a futuristic technological vision of the book .  hell ,  total recall was released a few years later and that did a good job of it ,  even a clockwork orange released in the 70s did a good job of trying to make a futuristic world .  the bleak german expressionistic colours ,  the black and white footage from the vision screens ,  there is no reason for this approach for when the film was made in 1984 .  the main character is in a white collar writing job yet he dresses like he works with oil and grease in a garage .  this film decides to take a mock-communistic approach to set design ,  atmosphere and theme ,  yet the novel did not necessarily dictate a communist ,  worship-the-humble-worker theme itself .  this book seriously needs to be adapted in a modern context as this book is more relevant today than ever before .  i could not watch more than 20 minutes of this crap .  the soundtrack is annoying ,  the lack of foresight is annoying ,  this film seems to have been made to deny a sense of realism or believability when that is exactly what is required to hammer the novel's messages to the viewer . 
'ninteen eighty-four' is a film about a futuristic society in which the government controls everything and no one can be trusted .  it is a very dark film ,  and it is one that will not make you feel good about yourself .  it is about a romance taking place in this society and the betrayal of the lovers and about human nature being self-centred .  the film has some very good ideas and is done well in portraying this society with the dark tones in colours  ( contrasting with happiness and bright colours in the dreams )  and a general feeling of loneliness through objects and people and places .  however ,  despite the film's cleverness at portraying this idea ,  the film was very slow and did not seem to quite get the idea across .  it seemed to spend too much time being clever rather than telling a story . 
a few weeks ago ,  i read the classic george orwell novel ,  1984 .  i was fascinated with it and thought it was one of the best books i've read recently .  so when i rented the dvd ,  i was intrigued to see how this adaptation measured up .  unfortunately ,  the movie didn't even come close to creating the ambiance or developing the characters that orwell so masterfully did in his book .  the director seems to think that everyone watching the movie has read the book ,  because he makes no attempt to demonstrate why the characters act and feel the way they do .  john hurt ,  the main actor ,  is droll the entire way through ,  and hardly does any acting until the end .  we never really find out what he does for a living ,  or why his love affair is forbidden ,  or what the political climate is and why the main character desires rebellion .  this book cannot be done justice in movie form without proper narration and explanation of the political system oppressing the characters ,  and the fact that those are missing is the greatest shortcoming of this film .  besides that ,  john hurt was a terrible casting choice ,  looking about 15 years older than the 39 year old winston he was supposed to be portraying .  on a more positive note ,  however ,  the rest of the cast was well chosen .  it's just too bad they were put in such a horribly adapted film with the wrong lead actor .  -brian o . 
i have heard about this novel a long time ago ,  many of my friends have recommend me to read it .  i searched it in every place and finally found it .  this is a book that every man should read ,  because it is genius and because of it's vision .  i enjoyed every page .   i knew about the movie and could not wait to see it .  when i finally did i was very disappointed ,  many things that are in the book are not in the movie  ( i do not think that this is a spoiler )  that just makes the movie not logical .  .  .  michael radford might be a good director ,  but a bad writer .  especially as a book adopter .  the movie is not dark at all ,  the writing is really bad ,  the only thing that is good ,  even great ,  is the acting .  john hurt is an amazing actor and the only face i myself could see as winston smith .   what angers me the most are the people in imdb that called this  " the best adaptation ever "  without even reading the book !  or knowing anything about screen writing !   you can only understand the brilliance of the story by reading the book ,  do not consider this as an alternative .  as a fan of the book ,  i was very disappointed .   the points i gave for this movie goes for the acting . 
i am a massive fan of the book and orwell is certainly my favourite writer ever since studying animal farm at gcse .  i bought the dvd out of sheer curiosity ,  burton is an actor i hold in high regard so when i heard that he played the role of o'brien i was swung .   i watched the trailer on the dvd first and some fears started to set in ,  mostly regarding the frankly terrible  " theme song "  ,  hearing the eurythmics mechanically shouting  " 1984 !  "  over and over again to an electronic beat is as bad as it sounds .   the acting on a whole is pretty good ,  burton and hurt play their roles well and the tension that exists in the ministry of truth towards the end can be felt ,  especially in the harrowing room 101 scene .  however this is also where the movie is let down .  the movie spends too much time focusing on the love affair between winston and julia ,  which frankly isn't what orwell was writing about .  he was writing about a harrowing future ,  about how ingsoc build up a mans beliefs and then shatter them all in the name of him being made to love big brother .  the movie skips over what is essentially the most important part of the book ,  winstons coming to terms with his position in life and the world ,  and his re-education via o'brien .   the comment on imdb at the moment states that the movie sticks to the book is completely incorrect .  julia is not present when winston visits o'brien ,  they do not commit themselves to goldstien's brotherhood and confess their crimes .  there is no obvious mention of the initial instances where winston finds the article with the unpersons but it does get mentioned near the end ,  if you have not read the book it is completely confusing .   a terrible screenplay ,  which some excellent acting cannot rescue .  michael radford seems to have completely missed the point orwell was trying to make ,  and the electronica sound track is frankly terrible . 
after hearing about george orwell's prophetic masterpiece for all of my life ,  i'm now 37 ,  but never having read the book ,  i am totally confused as to what i've just seen .   i am very familiar with the concepts covered in the novel ,  as i'm sure most are ,  but only through hearsay and quotes .  without this limited knowledge this film would have been a complete mystery ,  and even with it i'm still no more educated about the story of 1984 than i was before i watched it .   on the plus side .  .  .   the cinematography is amazing ,  hurt & burton deliver fine performances and the overall feel of the movie is wonderfully grim and desolate .  the prostitute scene was a fantastically dark piece of film making .   now for the down sides ,  and there are plenty .  .  .   there is a war going on ,   ( at least as far as the propaganda is concerned )  ,  but why & with who ?  nothing is explained .  there are a couple of names bandied about  ( eurasia etc )  ,  but they mean nothing without explanation .   who is winston ?  what does he do ?  where does he come from ?  where does he work ?  why is he changing news reports ?  why isn't he on the front line ?  why doesn't he eat the food in the canteen ?  what is that drink he's drinking through the entire film ?  why is he so weak & ill ?  why isn't he brainwashed like the rest of them ?  what's the deal with his mother & sister ?  what happened to his father ?  a little back story would have been nice ,  no scrub that ,  essential for those like myself that haven't read the book .  without it ,  this is just a confusing and hard to follow art-house movie that constantly keeps you guessing at what is actually going on .   the soundtrack was dis-jointed and badly edited and the constant chatter from the big brother screens swamps the dialogue in places making it even harder to work out whats going on .  i accept that this may have been an artistic choice but it's very annoying all the same .   also ,  i know this has been mentioned before ,  but why all the nudity ?  it just seemed totally gratuitous and felt like it had been thrown in there to make up for the lack of any plot coverage .   i personally can't abide the way hollywood feels it has to explain story lines word for word these days .  we are not all brainwashed simpletons ,  but this is a few steps too far the other way .  i can only imagine that it totally relies on the fact that you've read the book because if this film really is the 'literal translation' that i've seen many people say ,  i would find it very hard to understand why 1984 is hailed as the classic it is .   there's no denying that it was light years ahead of it's time and has pretty much predicted every change in our society to date ,   ( maybe this has been a sort of bible to the powers that be ?  )  ,  but many sci-fi novelists have done the same without leaving gaping holes in the storyline .   i guess i have to do what i should have done from the start and buy a copy of the book if i'm to make any sense out of this .   all in all ,  very disappointed in something i've waited for years to watch . 
i saw this movie literally directly after finishing the book ,  and maybe that was a neutral idea or a very stupid one .  i think it was the latter .  first of all ,  it was inaccurate in many small ,  yet important details .  one of the first things i noticed was ,  during winston's day to day life in his work ,  his conversations ,  eating in the cafeteria ,  etc .  he feels free to look unhappy and make suggestive glances at people without immense fear .  one of the most important parts of the book ,  was that even in small activities it was virtually impossible to safely show even a hint of his true emotions on his face at any moment .  this is also shown in the scenes on the streets of the proletarions .  in the book winston knew that this was a huge risk to wander around there and was skeptical and frightened at every trip .  while in the movie ,  he does it so often and without fear ,  that you lose the important feeling of heavy surveillance and risk right off the bat .   other minor inaccuracies included winston hiding his diary in the wall ,  yes a very small change ,  but it begs the question ,  what's the point ?  there was also the most annoying thing a director can do with a book ,  and that is morphing characters .    the large inaccuracies were far more disturbing ,  however .  first of all ,  one of the important pieces of the book is that big brother is a government based on an intelligent ,  yet crude philosophy .  in the movie ,  they skip that and go straight to making you think that the government is run by hitler with technology .  which is true ,  in a sense ,  when directed with its facism ,  but if that's all you get out of big brother ,  you really missed the point of the book .  the terrifying thing about big brother is that ,  in a way ,  it has some points behind its philosophy .  when o'brien is picking at winstons mind in the ministry of love ,  he is listening to everything winston says against big brother .  the fact that he listens ,  and advances forward in his philosophy ,  is in effect what is most creepy and intriguing .  in the end ,   ( careful spoiler ahead )  when winston says he loves big brother ,  the terrifying thing is that you are not sure whether it was souly the beating and torture that caused this ,  or the actual power behind the philosophy .  i am in no way saying that the big brother's philosophy has points that appeal to me ,  but its intelligence and depth is what makes this book incredibly disturbing .    also ,  how could anyone feel any connection between julia and winston in the film ?  it was awful ,  no connection whatsoever .    and where was o'brien before he gave winston his address ?  one of the things that carried the book was winstons thoughts about o'brien before he made contact with him .  in the movie ,  they just jump the gun .    but that about sums up why this movie was a terrible adaption :  because its impossible not to jump the gun and morph characters in less than two hours .  how could anyone think this movie was watchable if it was under two hours ?  at the very least ,  the movie demands 3 hours to be able to capture some of the important moods and connections .  anything less is just pointless .   if you loved the book ,  and i mean truly adored it ,  you will not approve of this movie ,  and chances are ,  you already knew you wouldn't .  because the book is unfilmable ,  and this movie just proves how impossible it is cram something decent into a small reel of film .   two stars out of ten
but  " cinderella "  gets my vote ,  not only for the worst of disney's princess movies ,  but for the worst movie the company made during walt's lifetime .  the music is genuinely pretty ,  and the story deserves to be called  " classic .  "  what fails in this movie are the characters ,  particularly the title character ,  who could only be called  " the heroine "  in the loosest sense of the term .   after a brief prologue ,  the audience is introduced to cinderella .  she is waking up in the morning and singing  " a dream is a wish your heart makes .  "  this establishes her as an idealist  ( and thus deserving of our sympathy )  .  unfortunately ,  the script gives us no clue as to what she is dreaming about .  freedom from her servant role ?  the respect of her step-family ?  someone to talk to besides mice and birds ?  in one song  ( cut from the movie but presented in the special features section of the latest dvd )  cinderella relates her wish that there could be many of her so she could do her work more efficiently .  you go girlfriend !  in short ,  cinderella is a very bland character .  she passively accepts her step-family's abuse ,  escaping into her unspoken dreams for relief .  she only asserts herself once by reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family .  for this ,  she is given permission to go the ball if she completes her housework and finds something to wear ,  a token gesture that is clearly absurd to everyone except ,  of course ,  cinderella .  can anyone see belle or jasmine being such a doormat ?  if cinderella is dull ,  her male counterpart is nothing short of lifeless .  the prince in cinderella gets no dialog and almost no screen time .  we are given no indication if he is a good man ,  if he respects cinderella or anything .  all we know is 1 )  he is a prince and 2 )  he dances well .  heck ,  even the prince from  " snow white "  got to sing a romantic song at least .  not only does this lack of development make the romance less interesting ,  it makes cinderella look like either a social climber or an idiot ,  weakening her already tenuous appeal .   perhaps realizing how dull the main characters were ,  the animators chose to give excessive screen time to the movie's comic relief ,  cinderella's friends ,  the mice .  granted ,  these characters are amusing .  even so ,  when the comic relief steals the show from the principals ,  well ,  let's just say your story has some problems .   dinsey loves to proclaim all its animated features as  " masterpieces .  "  while many of them are ,  there are some that do not deserve this appellate in any way .  cinderella is a prime example of this fact . 
i had high hopes for this movie ,  because i enjoyed the book so much .  however ,  i don't think i would have understood the premise of the movie if i hadn't already read the book .  the movie is a noble attempt to show the despair of people trying to break the bonds of overpowering government rule ,  but the book portrays the suffering much more thoroughly .  the corrupt government officials have comfortable ,  almost luxurious lives ,  while the common people struggle to obtain the bare necessities for survival .  perhaps most people feel this way toward their leaders and rulers regardless of whether or not they are actually oppressed or repressed .  orwell's dystopia seems as if it could exist in many places in our modern world .  it has been several years since i've read the book ,  but one hears references to big brother ,  the thought police ,  and newspeak frequently in the media and casual conversation .  probably many people using these terms don't realize where the terms came from .  i strongly recommend that you read the book . 
as far as the movie goes ,  it's an ok science fiction movie .  it has a lot of cool stuff in it ,  and some quality scenes .  that said ,  it's not that good ,  and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched .  .  .   as for calling this another cube-movie is utter and complete bullsh ! t .  this is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie .  .  .  the whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first ,  but the introduction of people/androids as part of the  " team "  behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch .  .  .   i gave this a 3*** because of the backstabbing of the original .  this one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all .  .  .   watchable for those who have not seen cube & hypercube ,  but not recommendable for fans of the series .  .  . 
pretty disappointing prequel to the first two films ,  it's got none of the suspense of the first nor the interest of the second .  by concentrating on the guys who 'run' the cube ,  it basically takes away any of the sense of tension inside the cube ,  as we simply don't care about the characters inside .  much of the film is simply boring ,  and it only becomes truly terrible with the introduction of the glass-eyed superior and the green-eyed crazy marine .  after that ,  though ,  it just descends into over-the-top unintentional hilarity .  the ending is fitting though ,  tying it back into the first one in an indirect way .  the script is terrible ,  the acting mediocre at best ,  and the direction unimpressive .  a much lesser follow-up . 
incredible .  does it get any dumber than this ?  not a chance .  the stupidity in this movie would shame even ed wood ,  de palma ,  and woo .  if the first part in the series had mediocre dialog and the second one had bad dialog ,  then this one has cretinous dialog .  amazing .  but this time the story has been lowered to the level of the dialog ,  too .  in spite of the acting and the dialog ,  i liked the first two films ,  but  " cube zero "  will surely kill the franchise .  the utterly moronic plot so obviously stems from the pen of a frustrated left-winger .   i sometimes wonder if such leftists even themselves realize just how anti-democracy and pro-dictatorship they are .  in this movie they obviously target the us  a democracy .  why don't they target korea ,  iran ,  syria ,  china ,  zimbabwe etc .  in anti-military movies ?  sure ,  most of these places are hardly likely to produce a cube like this any time soon ,  but that's beside the point .  it's obvious :  writers of garbage like this actually admire these kinds of regimes ,  whether they are aware of it or not .  i would even go as far as to say that anyone who adamantly attacks us foreign policies all the time ,  has anti-democratic beliefs in his core .   back to the movie :  apart from being so far-fetched that it isn't even funny any more ,  the film has many obvious illogicalities .  for example ,  for some reason the two men who supervise the cube have done it for a while and are oblivious to the pain and sadism that the project entails ,  yet the first one than the other suddenly turn against the system !  anyone who has any idea at all about human nature will see right through this idiocy .  or how about that cretinous character ,  the one-eyed evil bureaucrat who talks as if he's in a bad mel brooks comedy .  in fact ,  as soon as this creature appears the movie loses all seriousness and hence any chance of being exciting :  it really does become a comedy . 
i wasn't really fond of the first  " cube "  movie .  it was a good idea ,  but the annoying acting and characters always kept me from liking it too much .  didn't really feel the need to see its sequel but when i heard they were making a third movie that would act as more of a prequel to the original .  i was intrigued ,  thinking that maybe they would fix some of the original's problems and provide us with a memorable cast of characters .  well i thought wrong .    " cube zero "  starts well enough by introducing us with the two characters in charge of watching and maintaining the never-ending maze of traps that plagues the people in the cube .  the filmmakers succeed in providing a sense of mystery with the establishment of the two men's daily routine .  several questions are created from it ,  concerning the reason why people are send there and also the true nature of the ones who run the entire operation .  all of which are left entirely to the viewer .  the acting was a bit weak but all in all the movie's first half moved relatively well .   with the story moving on ,  one of the two  " watchers "  begins to develop serious doubts about what he is doing .  and later decides to go and help a group of the people trapped .  here is where everything rapidly starts to dissolve into dull cheese .   sent by the people who run the cube program we are introduced to the character  " jax "  .  along with his two underlings play a major reason as to why this movie is failure .  to start of  " jax "  looks and talks more like a third rate villain taken directly from a james bond movie complete with the ever  " popular "  glass eye ,  that alone ruins any atmosphere created by the first half's relatively nice pace .  whats more is that it begins to feel more like a comedy rather than a serious movie .  with some incredibly corny lines ,  perhaps the screenwriter got bored and didn't care .  the acting itself degrades to a further low when the former  " watcher "  meets the group in the cube .  the entire interaction is painful to watch as is everything else following it .   again failing to impress on anything but weak characters ,  dialog and acting  " cube zero "  is a waste of time for those searching for a good horror movie . 
some people might consider this movie a piece of artwork - to be able to express your imagination on film in order to create a movie filled with antagonizing pain and death .  .  i personally think that this movie is a disgust ,  which should have never been released .  this movie is repulsive ,  illogical and meaningless .  not only is it a complete waste of time but it makes you sick for days to come .  the appalling images shown in the film not only make you grasp for air but they set in your mind and it takes days to forget them .  such a shame that people waste their imagination on such inhumane suffering .  .   " kill bill "  would be another example but at least  " kill bill "  has its purpose ,  meaning ,  climax and resolution .  . 
the only thing that frequently pops into my head while i'm writing this review is , i'll never get that hour and a half back !  !  !  to indicate that i'm not just blowing air ,  i'll compare the movie to the other movies of the cube trilogy ( cube and hypercube )  ! cube wasn't great but it was original and that made up for some technical flaws ! hypercube as a sequel lost the advantage of originality but it came out looking pretty sharp and i even liked it beter than cube ( the story was better )  !  but cube zero in comparison to it's predecessors really isn't worth sh*t ! a complete lack of good fx ,  a very f*ck*d up script and just plain old bad acting don't combine well !  example : all of the time during the movie i was thinking it would be incredibly stupid if  .  .  .  should happen and then it would happen ,  so it's not very original neither !  my advice :  don't lose that hour and a half i lost !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  oh and i hope this movie crashes and burns !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
this movie was yet another waste of time .  .  .  why oh why do i keep renting crap like this ?  .  .  .  someone please tell me .  .  .  *sigh* oh well .  back to the movie at hand :  cube zero is probably worth it if you really really enjoyed the first movie ,   ( like i did )  ,  and just want to check out what's up in the last  ( hopefully )  movie scraped together just to keep some poor actors and screenwriters employed ,  then of course this is the movie for you .  but if you are looking for a good movie with good acting and a fantastic plot .  .  .  *evil grin* then this movie is definitely for you  : -d .  .  .  .  ok i'm lying .  .  .  at best this movie sucks .  ok ,  i have to admit that certain elements to it was cool .  .  well .  .  coolish .  .  .  and i laughed quite a few times ,  prolly at the wrong things ,  but nevertheless i was amused .   : - )  but all in all the few things that barely makes the  " ok "  category isn't enough to make this movie worth it at all .  .  unless you count  " manos - hand of fate "  one of the top ten movies ever ! 
this film is awful .  not offensive but extremely predictable .  the movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's .  the father ,  the principal at the school ,  is going through a mid-life crisis .  enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff ,  like think for yourself .  the principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty .  you can connect the dots .  his teenage daughter  ( winona ryder wannabe tara frederick )  is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live .  she gets some bad advice ,  hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school .  shocking !  seeing that director paul shapiro has mainly worked in tv ,  this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more mundane sitcoms . 
i think this one sucked on ice ,  because it left the cube ,  and gave us to much information as to the who's and why's .  the original cube never left the cube ,  and it left everything to your imagination .  this crap fest however ,  gives you it all .  and i didn't like it .  .  . though the acting is solid ,  i think the reason this one was a downer was because it was done by people other than the original filmmakers ,  if they had vincenzo natali do this prequel ,  or even the sequel i think it would have done better and would have been more true to the source .  so i recommend you stay far ,  far away from this one ,  and hypercube ,  another movie i don't even want to discuss .  .  .  ( i gave it a 2 for the acting only ) 
the killings in this movie isn't that bad ,  but for sure the movie is .  it's even worse than that .  it's not even worth the wear it might cause when you slide it into your dvd-player .   not even the wear it causes on your shoulders carrying it from the dvd-store ,  not to speak of the money and time you spend renting and watching it .  horrible .   it's beyond understanding how anyone could say anything positive about this movie .  it was just a bare masochistic tendency of mine that caused me not to stop watching ,  add to that the group pressure from my co-watchers .   the manuscript is awful ,  the directing even worse and the acting is plain despicable .   i hope you don't see this as a spoiling your fun ,  i'd rather see it as a fair warning :  do not waste your time watching this garbage ! 
those familiar with the two previous cube films pretty much know what they can expect :  a small group of people trapped inside a bunch of booby trapped rooms ,  paranoia ,  bad acting .  .  .  this one is a bit different though .  roughly half of the film takes place outside the cube ,  where we get to watch the people watching the people inside the cube  ( or at least five of them )  .   i guess cube zero aspires to explain what the deal with the cube is ,  but you really don't get to know much more than what was covered in the two first films .  sure ,  there's sort of an explanation in there ,  but it feels pretty lame compared to what was suggested in the first film .   cube zero looks rather cheap  ( as did its predecessors )  ,  and the fact that it shows more than just a couple of empty rooms only emphasizes this feeling .  i also fell pretty confident in saying that there's no risk that any of the actors will win any awards in the foreseeable future .  they have brought back the traps from cube 1 ,  though ,   ( by that i mean that they're almost the same ones ,  which is a bit of a shame )  .   i know that many people kind of appreciate this film and its ties with the first one ,  but i just feel that it's a completely unnecessary contribution to a franchise that wasn't that great to begin with .  [1/10]
this is pretty much a low-budget ,  made for tv ,  type of movie intended to capitalize off of the success of the original .  i'm a fan of b-movies ,  and this one might have been good had they not attached the name  " cube "  to it ,  because as is ,  the director and plot of the original were better ,  and this movie just about ruined my taste for the entire series .  the characters are annoying and clichéd ,  there are problems with continuity ,  and several outright production screw-ups .  the story hardly gets a chance to develop because of superfluous dialogue and suffers from that .  they more or less use the same horror gimmicks over and over throughout the movie ,  and because the first one was so good ,  this simply turns out as a disappointment .   if this was a stand-alone b-movie ,  i'd probably give it about a four .  the  " 1 "  rating i give it was pretty much a statement about how it utterly paled in effects and intelligence as compared to the first . 
the original  " cube "  is a fantastic b-movie rich with paranoia ,  meaty characterization ,  and fine over-the-top performances .  it's creepy ,  cryptic ,  and cool .  and it stands perfectly well ,  on its own ,  without a stupid sequel like  " cube zero .  "    this third  (  !  )  film in the cube series is part retread  ( most of the booby traps are sadly recycled )  ,  part aberration .  it takes the bold step of explaining what the cube is - something that was never revealed in the first movie - but ,  since said explanation is bland ,  i'd rather it was kept a secret .  there are some potentially interesting references to the society that exists outside of the cube ,  but they never develop beyond hints about some kind of political-religious totalitarian state .  so ,  what little social commentary there is feels flat and unfocused .   what works ?  basically nothing .  the acting is purely amateur hour ,  the pacing is slow  ( how much of this movie consists of two nerds watching a screen ?  )  ,  and the gore effects ,  while revolting ,  fail to convince .  in short ,   " cube zero "  reminded me of a  " cube "  fan-fic ,  a sloppy and sophomoric clone of a good movie that definitely did not need a sequel . 
follows the same path as most sequels .  first one was great .  second was average and this one ,  full of bad acting and some stupid dialog and well as a lot of suspension of disbelief ,  this movie was weak .   too predictable and i just couldn't stand that henry wrinkler-like boss with that stupid eye ,  there was so much more they could have done with this .  i liked the first one a lot .  i wish they would have went more down those lines ,  rather than what they did here .   there was too much unexplained that needed to be explained ,  what time period this was in and why why why is there an old fashioned phone in that room ?   i understand there is another one in the works .    blah ! 
the screen writing is so dumb it pains me to have wasted 2 hours of my life i'll never get back  ( where have i heard this before )  .  the acting is so-so .  things change often enough to keep you watching and waiting for something gruesome to happen .  nevertheless there isn't a single original thing in this movie .  while the first cube was a nerdy horror movie ,  which didn't make a whole lot of sense in the end ,  cube zero has picked up on that and tries to retell exactly the same story ,  except this time it makes an obnoxious point of trying to spoon-feed explanations for every detail that the first movie didn't answer .  the comic thing is ,  the director recycles the exact scenes of the first movie that were somewhat weird ,  and tries to explain them .  but the scenes are just copied over ,  there is no coherence whatsoever .  this script is sooo pointless .  i can imagine it being written by some half-wit 15 year old with a baseball cap and a pack of beer for a class project .  the best part is in the end ,  they cripple the 'good' wunderkind guy ,  and he becomes the retarded fellow in the first movie ,  and you see him when they find him  ( 'this room is green .  . ' )  in cube 1997 .  goodie gooodie ,  clap clap ,  what a twist .  first of all ,  what about if you haven't seen the first one ,  this doesn't make any sense you nitwit director .  oh ,  another great idea :  instead of the numbers to identify x , y , z coordinates of the room  ( cube 1997 )  ,  this time it is 3 letters ,  each one giving one of 26 possible coordinate values .  duh .  except now permutations don't make much sense anymore .  . so he lets the letters disappear before anybody can use them .  . i want my money back .   i guess i had to write this down since there are just so many bad ,  inconsistent ,  or just stupid ideas in this movie .  directors/writers should be required to possess some talent . 
the plot doesn't offer any new excitements ,  it even starts the same as cube i .  this time there are no other enhancements for the cube machinery ,  except for having an extra exit ,  which is not guarded ,  very ingenious .  the characters are also not so well elaborated as in the first episode ,  they just became  " flat "  as in a soap opera .    if somebody makes it to the normal exit ,  the person would be asked some questions ,  like  " do you believe in god ?  "  ,  its not really creative or original and especially in my opinion it doesn't fit into the mystery of the cube with it traps .  really there is nothing much else to say about it . 
the first cube movie was an art movie .  it set up a world in which all the major archetypes of mankind were represented ,  and showed how they struggled to make sense of a hostile world that they couldn't understand .  it was ,  on the non-literal level ,  a  " man vs .  cruel nature "  plot ,  where the individual who represented innocence and goodness came through in the end ,  triumphing to face a new ,  indefinable world beyond man's petty squabbles ;  a world where there were no more struggle ,  but peace .  i rated cube a 10 out of 10 ,  and it's a movie that was never meant to have any sequels .   the second movie ,  hypercube was a massive disappointment .  some of the ideas were kind of cool ,  but in the context of the original movie ,  both the story and the setting made no sense and had no meaning .  still ,  for being fairly entertaining ,  i rated it a 5 out of 10 .   the third movie ,  cube zero ,  while ignoring the second ,  plays like a vastly inferior commercial b-movie rehash of the first ,  sans the symbolism .  there is no  " homage "  or  " tribute "  here ;  there is only ripping off .  the same kind of plot ,  with some elements idiotically altered  ( like having letters instead of prime numbers between the cubes - an idea which shows more clearly than anything else that this is a rip-off with absolutely no originality and nothing to say )  .   that we see something from  " behind the scenes "  means nothing ,  because the watchers are just part of the big bad experiment ,  the architects of which we hear nothing of .  and ,  in this movie ,  those who get through to the exit  ( like kazan did at the end of the first movie )  are just killed - where the *bleep* is the sense in that ?  !  that's just flippin' stupid .  i'm glad i didn't pay to see this .   the production values and acting in cube zero are not too bad ,  but the story and the ideas are so utterly devoid of any inspiration that this movie can only get from me a rating of 3 out of 10 . 
following the release of cube 2 :  hypercube  ( 2003 )  ,  and playing off the alleged success of the original cube  ( 1998 )  ,  director ernie barbarash takes the liberty of bringing us the third installment in the trilogy ,  the prequel cube zero .   deep in the bowels of a giant and faceless institution ,  time and place unknown ,  two low-ranking operators ,  wynn  ( zachary bennett )  and dodd  ( david huband )  sit and observe on monitors the behavior of people that have been placed in a giant network of cubic chambers ,  some of which are rigged with death traps .  told that the people they are observing are convicted felons who chose this horrific and deadly ordeal over a lethal injection ,  these observers have had no problem with their jobs until wynn ,  a mathematical genius ,  discovers that one of the prisoners ,  a woman named cassandra  ( stephanie moore )  never agreed to be put inside the cube .  suddenly it's realized that perhaps their  " jobs "  are not what they seem ,  and that they may be part of something deeply sick and twisted .  .  .   for people that have seen and enjoyed the original cube ,  this prequel will probably not be to your liking .  it's not that the story does not have potential ;  it's simply that the first cube film never needed to be expanded on .  standing alone ,  it is a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a certainty about its own message .  it was also nicely self-contained .  the problem with cube zero is that it destroys some of the mystique of the original ,  attempting to answer questions with more questions but only really resulting in making a mess of what never needed fixing .   what this new film has to offer ,  which is questions about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil ,  certainly are good questions to be raised ,  but probably should have been done so on their own merits ,  rather than as a continuation of a film that had no such aspirations .   having said this ,  the other traits of the film ,  such as acting and direction and writing ,  are not awful .  there is a bleak ,  dark look to the film akin to such film noir as 'the matrix' and 'dark city' ,  and they have certainly managed to recapture the claustrophobic feeling of the first cube .  unfortunately for barbarash ,  these are not enough positive qualities to save it . 
  the main question i pose concerning this film is ,  how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs !  merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway ,  here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball .  plot changes abound and the fun is lost .   skip it . 
really ,  it's nothing much .  i only recommend watching it if ;  1 .  )  you're a big fan of any of the main stars .  2 .  )  if you really want to check out the first time lucille ball was seen with red hair .   4 out of 10 stars
this movie ,  i won't call it a  " film ,  "  was basically about nothing and functioned mostly for the popular acts of the time .  yeah the war was on full swing  ( pun intended )  ,  and this movie gave the troops and our audiences a treat .   but let's have something with a bit more substance .   loved seeing a young buddy rich on the drums .  the music was good throughout .   but one cameo after another gets old fast .   i didn't even recognize zero mostel !  so if you're one from the  " greatest generation ,  "  as they say ,  you'll definitely enjoy this .  .  .   movie . 
two years before he wrote and directed  " arthur "  ,  steve gordon had a minor hit with his screenplay for this crackpot comedic vehicle for henry winkler ,  then tv's  " the fonz "  .  a 1950s college thespian  ( and all-around jerk )  woos a co-ed and gets married without any employment prospects on the horizon ;  to make ends meet ,  he turns to the flamboyant world of wrestling ,  eventually becoming a  " gorgeous george " -like celebrity .  turning likable winkler into an obnoxious goof-off probably sounded like an interesting idea at the time  ( and a sure way to separate him from his television alter-ego )  ,  but the jokes and situations are often wrong-headed and mean ,  staged rather sloppily by director carl reiner .  particularly crude is a wincing bit involving hervé villechaize  ( of  " fantasy island "  )  putting the moves on polly holliday  ( flo from  " alice "  )  .  as henry's beloved ,  kim darby looks a little out of her element--particularly when surrounded by all these tv hams--rendering the romance aspect of the script inconsequential .  *1/2 from ****
 .  .  . said a couple exiting the movie theater just as i was entering to watch this .  hmm ,  not a good sign ,  but who knows ?  different strokes for different folks ,  after all .  well ,  nope .  they were being kind .  godard has released work that is passionate  ( contempt )  ,  entertaining  ( band of outsiders )  ,  sometimes both  ( my life to live )  .  this is just dull intellectualism ,  that grates on the nerves pretty quickly .  during my showing ,  literally half of the audience had walked out by the end of the film .  if only i had been so wise . 
the first point that calls the attention in  " for ever mozart "  is the absence of a plot summary in imdb .  the explanation is simple since there is no story ,  screenplay ,  plot or whatever might recall the minimum structure of a movie .  jean-luc godard is one of the most overrated and pretentious directors of the cinema industry and this pointless crap is among his most hermetic films .  i believe that neither himself has understood what is this story about ;  but there are intellectuals that elucubrate to justify or explain this messy movie ,  and it is funny to read their reviews .    my vote is one .   title  ( brazil )  :   " para sempre mozart "   (  " forever mozart "  ) 
a female country singer nicknamed  " big t " --seriously ,  that's what they call her--risks her budding musical career and her life by falling into the company of a sleazy drunkard  ( busey )  who wants to be her manager .  his mother committed suicide ,  his father's an alcoholic as well ,  and he has a violent temper .  you can imagine where that leads .  in the meantime ,  there's music aplenty ,  as parton ,  with her fluid vocal talents ,  belts out song after song  ( at least half a dozen of them about texas )  .  steer clear of this mess and check her out in nine to five or steel magnolias instead . 
if john waters had written and directed  " house of 1000 corpses "  after being struck about the head repeatedly with a heavy object ,  the result would probably be something like  " the blood shed .  "  it's mildly entertaining for the first half hour ,  but then it slides into a sort of featureless glop of constant screaming and people doing things to each others genitalia with electric carving knives ,  cutlery and pliers .  susan adriensen  ( sno cakes )  is incredibly annoying and terry west  ( elvis bullion )  is almost as bad in whatever it is he's doing in front of the camera .   maybe the best thing about  " the blood shed "  is that it won't take most viewers very long to forget about it . 
it was jon pertwee who said  "  it`s very difficult to be funny but very easy to be silly  "   .  well if that`s the case pasty faces is  "  very easy  "   .  david baker  (  as director /screenwriter  )  and his cast seem to be under the impression that comedy involves stealing scenes and style from superior britcoms like lock stock .  .  and trainspotting  ,  using a completely underdeveloped script and jumping up and down speaking in a very fast voice very loudly  .  alan mccaffrey especially suffers from this type of ott performance but not enough to ruin the film because there`s not enough of a film to ruin  .   pasty faces is terrible on all fronts especially scriptwise  .  i couldn`t understand why it ended the way it did  ,  it just seemed to stop in a very abrupt and silly manner  .  oh and other glaring errors are that you need a visa to visit the usa and a green card in order to work there - this film would have you believe you can get off a plane and start a new life in america without any authorisation - that you still get paid to donate blood in america - people who i know in america  ,  and who donate blood tell me payment for donations stopped several years ago - and that you can buy any type of weapon from a gun shop  .  as far as i know gun laws in america differ from state to state but no gun shops sell anti tank guns over the counter  .  so we`ve got a very erroneous view of america from a very unreal and oh so unfunny film  .  maybe this is revenge for braveheart a very hollywood view of the scots  ?  perhaps  ,  but this doesn`t stop pasty faces from being a crap comedy
i will never forget the night i saw this movie .  we were on a submarine on patrol in the north atlantic and this was the scheduled movie of the evening .  we all gave up after the second reel .  they did not even try to show it at the mid-night showing .  opting for a rerun instead .  .  .  .  .  .  this is all i really have to say but they have this stupid rule that my comment must contain ten lines .  i'm not supposed to pad the comment with random words so i will just continue to ramble until i get my ten lines of bs .  i could not find george goble listed in the credits but i remember him in the movie .  the sining was terrible and the songs even worse . 
this paramount version/ripoff of oklahoma ! /annie get your gun/calamity jane isn't all that unusual or innovative .  the marketing and intro comments may be there to salvage what is really a pretty bad movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live tv show .  i don't find the use of the background cyclorama ,  lit in various scenes with yellow ,  or pink ,  or red ,  or .  .  .  . all that innovative .  as noted ,  it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a tv budget :  all soundstage ,  with minimal sets backed by the lighted cycs !   ( compare to new faces  ( of 1952 )  .  the actors come off reasonably well ,  though .  and this style was much better realized when paramount shot li'l abner in 1959 .  of couorse ,  this movie suggests the often repeated question :   " what were they thinking ?  " 
eddie murphy's  " delirious "  is completely and totally rude ,  crude ,  crass and lude .  this is indeed the only way to describe this appalling ,  trashy piece of stand-up .  eddie murphy goes for shock value rather than laughs to try and win his following over .  he does manage to be funny occasionally ,  but mostly loses the plot with obscene language and distasteful sex jokes .   forget it !  unless you happen to enjoy eddie's foul style .  i don't think i will bother with  " eddie murphy raw "  .  i much prefer eddie in the confines of a movie script .   saturday ,  january 17 ,  1998 - video
my nose is bent slightly out of shape as i write this .  i had sent a previous comment on this film some weeks ago that has not yet appeared ,  so i assume it was rejected ,  even though it met all the usual guidelines .   i found this film interesting for the first thirty minutes ,  particularly the performance of jordi mollà ,  a veteran actor who has appeared in such major productions as  " blow "  and  " the alamo .  "  leonor watling is also quite good .  unfortunately ,  everything sinks eventually under the weight of a truly awful ,  melodramatic script .  there is also an abundance of gratuitous nudity that does nothing to advance the narrative or lend even an impressionistic nuance to what is otherwise a beautifully filmed piece of art .   an actual day trip to the beach at valencia would be much less arduous than having to encounter these fictional characters again anywhere ,  anytime . 
ulises is a literature teacher that arrives to a coastal town .  there ,  he will fell in love to martina ,  the most beautiful girl in town .  they will start a torrid romance which will end in the tragic death of ulises at the sea .  some years later ,  martina has married to sierra ,  the richest man in town and lives a quiet happy live surrounded by money .  one day ,  the apparition of ulises will make her passion to rise up and act without thinking the consequences .  the plot is quite absurd and none of the actors plays a decent part .  in addition ,  three quarters of the film are sexual acts ,  which ,  still being well filmed ,  are quite tiring ,  as we want to see more development of the story .  it is just a bad bigas luna's film ,  with lots of sex ,  no argument and stupid characters everywhere . 
if you've ever wanted to see a film that stresses style over substance ,  this is for you .  to me ,  son de mar is beautiful to see ,  but there's precious little substance ,  unless mawkish ,  melodramatic ,  manipulative love yarns turn you on .  this may be one of those famous 'chick flicks' you've heard so much about .    we're about half-way through this film before anything really happens :  ulises  ( jordi molla )  goes out to sea looking for tuna ,  and doesn't come back ,  leaving his wife martina  ( leonor watling )  and son to fend for themselves .  then ,  in a furious six minutes of screen time ,  they bury ulises ,  martina gets married again ,  and her son grows into mid-childhood .  this rapid transposition is jarring ,  to say the least ,  and very sloppy :  after 40 minutes of more or less hanging around ,  we're suddenly into a full-blown melodrama ,  all in six minutes .  i think this is called wayward narrative pacing .   five years later ,  ulises  ( as in the wandering superhero ulysses ;  get it ?  )  ,  returns to his 'penelope'  ( watling )  only to find she's married to sierra  ( eduard fernandez )  ,  an inexplicably wealthy guy  ( what does he do to earn all that dough ?  )  who inexplicably keeps crocodiles as pets .  when martina ,  in great anger ,  questions ulises about his absence ,  he tells her that he'll take her to the island of sumatra someday and she'll understand everything .   and here's the thing :  he doesn't take her to the island of sumatra .  the reference just dies somewhere in the script .  he doesn't really explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and child for five years .  he doesn't acquit himself as an honourable guy ,  and the movie doesn't fill in the plot holes that are staring at us for at least half of the film .  i can only assume that director bigas luna wants us to fill in the story lines with the mystical clues  ( fish ,  reptiles ,  the sea )  he offers through breathtaking cinematography and evasive dialogue .  it just doesn't work .  the narrative 'arc' on this film ends up looking more like a wobbly clothesline .   i'm sure jordi molla is a good actor ,  but i just couldn't buy his ulises as any kind of hero  ( which is what the original ulysses was supposed to be )  .  with moist sensuality ,  he spouts a short stanza of identical poetry from virgil roughly 2 , 000 times and each and every time it excites martina to explosive orgasm .  this guy should be rented out to reinvigorate stale marriages .  i'm sure virgil would be impressed .  he didn't get laid that often ,  as i understand it .    this poetic 'device' figures prominently in the film ,  and i had no choice but to assume it was a gender reversal of ulysses' famous 'siren song'  ( i . e .  beautiful maidens singing seductively to far-off sailors ,  who were doomed if they answered the ,  well ,  siren call )  .  if this is what bigas luna is up to ,  you can see the problem -- he's offering convoluted symbolism in a snatch-and-grab attempt at high art .  once again ,  it just doesn't work ,  at least in my eyes .   watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor ,  but she gives us a character here who doesn't seem to have much intellectual or even romantic depth .  it's beyond me how she could desperately fall in love with a guy who sports a for-rent sign on his face  ( as in vacant )  ,  oily 1960s-style hair that looks more like seaweed ,  and one of those trendy 21st-century 'beards'  ( you know ,  four days' growth ,  no more ,  no less )  .  he's supposed to be a dreamy kind of guy  ( i think )  ,  but those eyes of his suggest he might be suffering more from overexposure to a preposterous script .    but ,  don't despair ,  this film is great to look at .  just don't try to connect the dots on the red herrings or think too much about what you're hearing in the way of dialogue .  you can do a lost of fast-forwarding on this film  ( particularly in the first 40 minutes )  and you really won't miss much . 
previous comments encouraged me to check this out when it showed up on tcm ,  but it was a severe disappointment .  lupe valdez is great ,  but doesn't get enough screen time .  frank morgan and eugene palette play familiar but promising characters ,  but the script leaves them stranded .   the movie revolves around the ego of lee tracy's character ,  who is at best a self-centered ,  physically and verbally abusive jerk .  the reactions of  " the public "  are poorly thought-out and unbelievable ,  making the  " shenanigans "  seem like contrivances of a bad writer .  and it strains credulity that the lupe velez character could fall for him .   the  " stinging one-liners "  mentioned in another review must be dependent on the observer ,  since i didn't even notice that an attempt was being made . 
this film is lame ,  lame ,  lame !  !  !  !  !  it takes a lot to bring me to over-exaggeration about a movie ,  but this movie stunk up my house !  !  i haven't even finished the movie yet and i had to stop to comment on how bad this movie is .  i've never done that !  !  as a consumer ,  do not spend your money on this film .  wait until it comes out on a cable channel or something .  it's barely tv worthy .  i really hate trashing a movie ,  but this movie is trash !  barely above porn .  should have and x rating !  good plot ,  some frontal nudity  ( if that floats your boat )  ,  but horrible high school level acting .  don't know how this movie received distribution .   ( must have been a contractual thing .  )  really ,  if you really like watching good movies ,  don't waste you time with this one .  from one movie lover to another .  you will be mad at yourself !  let me say this as well ,  if you've been through something like this perhaps you can relate and it will have some value for you .  in that case i say watch it ,  you may take something away from it ,  if not just seeing something that's happened to you being acted out by someone else  ( has therapeutic value )  . 
the only redeeming quality of this film is the actual storyline .  .  . otherwise ,  this movie was terrible .  the acting was ridiculously bad ,  and the set design was cheesy and very tacky .  the story was decent ,  but it was very hard to watch due to all the horrid acting .  i wouldn't recommend watching this one .  .  . the only redeeming quality of this film was that the actors were somewhat attractive .  .  . especially ryan bauer ,  the man who plays the soap opera star .  some of the editing was well done ,  but there are continuity errors all over the place .  .  . i'm just starting to get sick and tired of watching gay movies that are bad .  .  . can we get a good one soon ? 
until now ,  the worst movie i had ever seen was ben & arthur .  you really should check the reviews for that movie instead of this one .  the review statistics for this movie have been skewed positive through a relentless and unscrupulous push by some of the people involved in making it ,  evidence for which is fairly easy to uncover online .  at least the people who made ben & arthur were honorable enough to let it stand on its own shaky legs ,  instead of unscrupulously promoting it so suckers like me would buy it .   everything about this movie is terrible ,  the script ,  the story ,  the casting ,  the acting ,  the direction ,  the photography ,  the editing ,  the music .  .  .  what else goes into a movie ?  whatever it is ,  here it's as bad as it gets .  if it weren't so unpleasant it would be ridiculous .  i kept watching it thinking it must get better ,  because i hadn't yet discovered that none of the positive reviews for it are reliable .   it does not take a lot of money to make a great movie ,  nor does a low budget mean a movie has to be bad .  my favorite example of a shoestring-budget masterpiece is gus van sant's amazing mala noche ,  but there are many others .  sideline secretsdirector's cut or originalis bad not because the people who made it had no money ,  but because they had gigantic egos and no talent for anything at all except self-promotion . 
there are some good things about the movie .  the music and cinematography is great .  alex wilson is hot and gives a great performance .  ryan bauer is also hot .  the production was very lucky to have casted them because they really give production value to the movie .  jonny vincent  ( sean )  and a lot of the boys in the movie that don't speak are cute too .  why isn't the actress who plays amy listed in the credits ?  brandon alexander gives a great comedic performance as clitarissa pink .   the worse thing about the movie is probably the star ,  james townsend .  he can't act .  he's also very scrawny ,  not nice to look at at all .  his arms are like spaghetti .  it's disgusting .  they have no muscle tone at all .  it's no wonder he has to make his own movie and cast himself in it .  no one else would cast him in anything .   james townsend is not believable as someone who would even have a girlfriend because he acts so gay .  they should have casted someone else as the lead if they wanted what's best for the movie .  then again ,  maybe he just wants to use this movie as a vehicle to launch a career in soft-core porn ,  definitely not real acting because he would have taken some acting lessons .  plus ,  anyone who does porn is blacklisted in hollywood .   the most ridiculous thing about the movie is probably the casting of a tan-skinned latina as devon's mother .  sonja fisher does not seem like an actress at all .  all in all ,  this movie is soft-core porn and is no better than something you would see on skinemax .  i think even alex wilson ,  probably the best thing about this movie ,  is embarrassed by it and doesn't want to be associated with it .  there is no photo on his imdb page and nothing else listed ,  so alex wilson is probably a disposable stage name .  plus ,  i ran into him in west hollywood one time recently and when i mentioned this movie ,  he just turned around and walked away .  i understand .  if i had worked on this movie ,  i would be embarrassed and wouldn't want to be associated with it either . 
steven vasquez directed and co-wrote with james townsend ,  the star ,  this strange little drama cum horror flick with evidently very good ideas and intentions :  make a gay film that takes a different storyline than the usual fare and make a drama that wants to be judged on its merits as a thriller .  so why doesn't it work ?  for starters the film loses direction from the opening frame and wanders rather aimlessly throughout the film ,  dead set on making a suspense thriller but getting sidetracked into satisfying an audience who wants to see nude encounters .  not that that is a bad thing :  it can certainly enhance some films that have been hollywood successes .  the film also tries to talk about coming out experiences in young men and women ,  relationships ,  disturbed parenting ,  the club scene with all the wild antics that accompany such events - and murder .  it is all a bit much to cram into a 96-minute film .   devon  ( james townsend )  by all appearances is a successful kid with a kind girlfriend jenna  ( sarah kelly )  but he has an eye for boys and visits a bar where he meets brian  ( alex wilson )  who has been down the same path and can offer devon assistance on every level .  they bond ,  devon comes out ,  and the mysteries begin :  boys are missing in the neighborhood ,  devon's stepfather psychologist dr .  kirk tyler  ( dan swett )  is not at all what he appears to be and despite devon's consoling mother donna  ( sonja fisher )  devon is cast into the streets because of his new relationship .  it seems dr tyler is in a dark business with hunky detective cunningham  ( earl mcdougle )  who apparently is investigating the missing boys .  .  .  devon gathers his resources from his understanding girlfriend jenna and her cronies and together the group unveils the dark doings of dr .  tyler and his detective sidekick .  and through it all donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy ,  etc .   some of the actors are pleasing to the eye  ( and there is very little the eye doesn't examine frequently !  )  but the degree of acting is at an all time low .  the only thing that makes us forgive that  ( and in some cases it is just too poor to forgive )  is the feeling of commitment on the part of everyone involved .  yes ,  this is a low budget movie and yes ,  the director needs time to learn his trade .  but in the end there is something to be said for the involved people to try to take a gay film to a different level .  maybe their next one will be more polished .  grady harp
i bought this dvd after seeing it highly ranked here .  it's just a short 20 minutes zombie film .  nothing special about it except for the music perhaps .   don't buy it !  not even really worth spending 20 minutes to see it .  only if you're really bored .  .  . 
on the 1998 summer blockbuster hit baseketball  ( 1998 )  :   " this is one of those movies that is usually seen on the big jumbo-tron screen in a sports bar during the day - when everyone is quite drunk .  unfortunately ,  i was sober when i saw this movie .  "   so quoted the late gene siskel for this lame-brained ,  supposed yukfest that came out two weeks after the far superior  " there's something about mary "  in a one-upmanship game during july of 1998 .   " mary "  was a gross-out fest ,  but in addition to the many gags ,  it had a lot of heart ,  which is why it was the highest grossing comedy of that memorable summer .    " baseketball "  tried to outdo mary ,  but it fizzled in more ways that one .  you take the creators of  " south park ,  "  trey parker and matt stone ,  who are fortunately not behind the movie but in front of the camera ,  the only member of zaz david zucker helming the picture in desperate need of a paycheck ,  and the other two jim abrahams and jerry zucker clearly stayed out or probably warned him against the picture ,  a small bit by now 90 years young ernest borgnine ,  wasting his precious time in his distinguished career ,  dying on a hotdog and singing  " i'm too sexy "  as he videotapes his will ,  jenny mccarthy ,  who has little screen time as borgnine's not-too-weeping trophy widow young enough to be his granddaughter ,  a bigger female part by yasmine bleeth as a dedicated social worker whose charges are underprivileged youngsters ,  and the only interesting and meaningful player in this turkey ,  robert vaughn as a corrupt archrival ,  and pointless cameos by  " airplane !  "  alumni kareem abdul jabaar and the late robert stack who seemed nostalgic for the 1980 masterpiece and it's much fresher humor created by the zaz family .  what do all these people make up ?  a desperate cast and crew trying to replicate  " airplane !  "  humor and mixing it up with the crudity of  " south park ,  "  but failing in every way .   to make this long 100-minute movie short ,   " baseketball ,  "  a real game invented by david zucker and his friends in his hometown of milwaukee ,  is about two lazy losers  ( parker and stone )  and their pint-sized mutual friend who invent baseball and basketball  ( hence the title )  together on the driveway of one's house .  after borgnine dies ,  he bequeaths the ownership of his baseketball team ,  the milwaukee beers to parker and stone .  sure enough ,  the game goes national ,  and archrivals vaughn and mccarthy want to take away ownership of the beers team from them .  but bleeth is in love with both men ,  particularly parker ,  and one poor ,  sick charge in need of a liver transplant goes ga-ga over them .  those are the characters ,  not strongly developed .   now witless gags ensue .  blood ,  electroshock hair ,  egg-throwing and screaming are among them .  parker and stone nearly kill the youngster in the hospital ,  but he pulls through the liver transplant .  borgnine sings and rubs ointment on his chest in the videotaped will .  mccarthy ,  who seemed to get over borgnine's death by choking on a frank right away ,  quickly massages vaughn in the next scene .  cheerleaders dance in skimpy outfits .  there is plenty of music on the soundtrack that is played for the hard of hearing .  and david zucker forces the parodies of  " riverdance "  and  " titanic .  "  parody forcing is nothing new to zaz ,  post  " airplane !  "  and  " the naked gun "  series .   and like siskel ,  i was sober as well ,  but i was also getting sleepy .  this movie should be played over and over to coarse-mannered barroom patrons who enjoy it as they chug down beers ,  but will they remain alert and awake ,  or pass out during the unfunny parts ?  if they pass out ,  then they won't realize that they are luckily missing stupidity and absurdity .  hats off to them ! 
this is a decent endeavor but the guy who wrote the screenplay seems to be a bit in the dark as to what exactly makes a zombie movie cool .  no ,  it isn't cgi bugs and software companies .  actually i'm not sure whether it was a software company - i saw it without subtitles so i had to guess what they're talking about .  anyway my point was - instead of wasting your time animating some dumb-ass bug ,  why not throw in more zombies and more action .  2/3 of the 20 minutes consist of news bulletins ,  bugs ,  some guys yelling about something .  and to makes matters worse  ( more boring )  most of the deaths occur off-screen .  i realize that's all too common for no-budget movies ,  but then there were some very impressive effects  ( well ,  kind-a of )  which left me wondering why did the director  ( or screenwriter ,  whatever )  chose to focus on how the epidemic started - it's a short ,  nobody's gonna care anyway . 
back in the 70's ,  when i had first seen this ,  i was in high school .  it was cool then .  now as an adult i look back at it and i say to myself .  . yeah right .  what was so funny ?  it has it's moments but they are few and far between .  it is so dated that the jokes no longer stand up .  show this to a younger crowd and they will be totally lost .  if you like this type of humor you may want to stick with kentucky fried movie or amazon women from the moon .  tunnel vision as well as groove tube are too dated for today's viewing . 
this movie is a prime example of squandering great resources in a film .  you've got future snl and sctv stars in their prime ,  such as john candy ,  chevy chase ,  laraine newman ,  al franken , tom davis and joe flaherty essentially making 70 minutes of coarse ,  uninspired fart and racist jokes .  the concept of a network from the future subverting society could have really been taken to some interesting extremes ,  but instead right out the gate ,  makes a lame ,  juvenile proctology joke and stays in that vein of humor the whole way . seek out the earlier and much more subversive and witty groove tube or the later ,  hilarious kentucky fried movie .  this movie is only for those who want to see a time capsule of bad 70's sketch comedy movies . 
i missed the beginning but i did see most of it .  a friend got it on dvd in the cheap room at fye .   the skits are all very short ,  and yet most of them are still too long .  the majority of them ,  they seem to have forgotten to have something funny !  quite a lot of racist/sexist/ " homophobic "  humor in it ,  skits based on stereotypes ,  or skits which use racist terms for people .   i'm trying to remember anything i thought was funny in it ,  and i'm having trouble .  .  .  .  the logo for the tunnel vision network is a lipsticked mouth with an eyeball in it .  the mouth opens and closes over the eye like eyelids .  kind of creepy .   what a disappointment .  most of the actors went on to better things ,  and it's lucky this bomb didn't hold them back . 
in the future of 1985 ,  a governmental committee headed by howard hesseman ,  is holding hearings on tv's first uncensored network .  they sample it's programming ,  that play as a series of skits .  i can name the good 'skit' movies on one hand ,  not using my thumb .   " amazon women on the moon "  ,   " kentucky fried movie "  ,   " the meaning of life "  ,  and  " mr .  mike's mondo video "  .  notice how i didn't mention  " tunnel vision "  ?  the reason for that is that this 'movie' is death in cinematic form .  none of the skits are even remotely funny ,  or even the least bit clever .  it takes some sort of great ineptitude on the film makers' part to not even get one laugh out of me .   my grade :  f   eye candy :  dody dorn goes full frontal
this is the worst movie i ever paid to see and with the exception of  " they saved hitler's brain "  the worst movie i have ever seen period .  when this movie came out i was a big fan of snl and sctv and therefore was anticipating what i thought would be the funniest movie that could be produced since it did not have the restrictions the tv improv shows must deal with .    the writers must have thought we will throw in some grossness ,  some flatulence jokes ,  some cheap sex and hey we have a risky side splitting laughable comedy .  the game show skits are nothing more than cheap unimaginable take offs on let's make a deal with stupid grossness .  the sit com take off involving the single girl and her boyfriend was just plain bad high school humor .  the stun gun advertisement was suitable humor for seasame street .  the la subway skit was bland humor using tasteless bloodiness .  the french chef walking around blind constantly uttering  " there is no difference "  with a french accent was ,  well you get my point .   the only funny skit involved chevy chase which lasted for a whole minute .  this means you get 60 seconds of entertainment in this movie .  oh yea i've read the comments about the entire country being stoned in the 1970's and you will like this movie if you are high .  well most of the country was not stoned in the 70's .  if the inept writers were stoned it must have been on drowsy sinus medicine .  there were 4 other people in the theater besides myself when i saw this movie .  of course word did not get out yet about how bad the movie was . 
stephen feinberg ,  who played the proctologist and was one of the writers of the movie ,  passed away in early 2006 .  i met steve in portland in 1993 ,  it was a year latter when he told me that he had been a writer in hollywood years earlier ,  working mostly on tv promos .  he asked me not to see 'tunnel vision' ,  but it was too late ,  i had seen it already !  actually i had seen it years before ,  when it was released .  at that time i didn't think it was that bad a movie .  however seeing it as an adult my opinion was somewhat different .  yes is is a bit puerile as well as dated .  steve admitted it was not a very good movie .  that said he was just a little proud of 'the proctologist' sketch . 
saturday night live ,  national lampoon ,  and sctv alumnus are all together in a sometimes funny sketch film .   however ,  it is very interesting to watch now ,  at the start of 2005 .  twenty years after this movie is supposed to take place ,  look at how many of their gags have become absolutely true :  there is a mock movie trailer ,  that probably wasn't even clever at the time ,  for something called  " the pregnant man "  which came true with arnold schwarzenegger's dumb movie  " junior "  there is a commercial spoof ,  that probably wasn't even clever at the time ,  for something featuring sammy davis jr .  and jackie onasis called  " celebrity wrestling "  which has now come true with a popular show called  " celebrity boxing "  there is a mock movie trailer ,  that probably wasn't even clever at the time ,  that features john candy in a movie about a severed head .  watch this trailer and look how similar it's shots and plot are to frank hellenlotter's basket case !  !  and finally there is an ad for a late late show documentary about  " a dead dream ,  the only two left  .  .  .  "  the name of the documentary is  .  .  .  the last hippies !  lol .   four prophecies come true ! 
when i rented this i was hoping for what  " reign of fire "  did not deliver :  a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts .   instead i got a standard  " monster hunts stupid people in remote building "  flick ,  with bad script ,  bad music ,  bad effects ,  bad plot ,  bad acting .  bad ,  bad ,  bad .   only reason why i did give it a 2 was that in theory there could exist worse movies .  in theory .  .  .  .  . 
when i am watching a film ,  i am aware that it is `just a movie , ' but nonetheless i do like to allow myself to become engrossed as much as possible under the circumstances .  i think this is what makes us cry ,  scream ,  laugh ,  or otherwise react emotionally as audience members ,  even though ,  deep down ,  we know it is `just a movie . ' what i don't want is for the movie to remind me it is just a movie so that i am unable to slip into the aforementioned engrossment regardless of the quality of the film .  this film's director chose to frequently use multi-angle camera shots simultaneously on the screen .  maybe it is just me ,  but i find this to be terribly distracting and downright irritating .  they might as well run a continuous banner across the bottom of the screen reading ,  `attention :  this is just a movie .  do not allow yourself to become too interested or engrossed' .  if i want `picture-in-picture' ,  i'll activate it from my tv remote ,  but never during a movie i want to enjoy . 
 .  .  . and not in a good way .  baseketball is a waste of film in all most every single way .  it is offensive to all the senses .  this doesn't necessarily bother me ,  i've seen plenty of bad movies ,  really bad movies before and will see them again .  baseketball though is a caliber film where you regret wasting ninety minutes of life sitting through it .  the reason baseketball offends me is that it stars trey parker and matt stone in a film they didn't write .  any respect i had for david zucker has long since depleted .  his recent spoof films are lazy messes that look and feel as if they were made by pre-pubescent boys snickering at penis jokes .   " airplane "  was a revolutionary and very funny comedy ,  watching baseketball you will be amazed to discover that they were made by the same person .   i have so much respect for trey parker and matt stone .  these men are the funniest and smartest comedians in mainstream entertainment today .  their pictures and south park episodes are as relevant as they are funny .  every joke even the fart jokes have intelligence behind them .  it's easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity .  i imagine baseketball was a major growing experience for them because they hate the film for all the right reasons .  it is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class .  parker and stone have essentially whored themselves out .  the film plays like a 90 minute episode of family guy .   parker and stone have never been great actors .  they've been serviceable in their films .  i can't really find a way to describe their performance in baseketball ,  other than the fact that it feels like they are spoofing a spoof film spoofing a spoof film .  every line is delivered in such a silly winking way .  it's like they are trying to make fun of the worst of these type of pictures and yet they become them in the same way .  i am reminded of the south park episode  " how to eat with your butt "  where cartman sits in a movie theater watching a gross out comedy with no plot or plausibility except to gross out ,  parker and stone use the same voices they did in that scene for this entire picture .  really it's sad .   and yet that is not my problem with baseketball .  my biggest gripe with the picture is that i sit there knowing that parker and stone are knowingly following this piece of crap script .  i know that if they took the damn thing and rewrote it that this could have been salvaged to the point of being watchable .  there isn't any indication that zucker let them improv scenes either .  parker and stone are merely tools to a bad director .  baseketball has some funny concepts and i think parker especially if he were allowed to take zuckers script could have elaborated on them more .  instead we get potty humor .  don't rent baseketball you can get the same laughs watching a group of grade schoolers joking around
ok .  .  .  .  i just have 3 words - cheesy ,  cheesy and cheesy !  the only redeeming feature of this movie is dean cain .  other than that - it's cheeseball supreme !  !  !  !   the movie does have some promise in the concept - an underground lab creates a real live fire breathing dragon - basically giving us more of  " jurassic park "  meets  " reign of fire "  .  .  .  .  .  there are some great possibilities ,  but they just don't follow through .  .  .  .  the special effects are decent - even though you know the dragon is cgi ,  it doesn't horribly look like cgi .  .  .  .    i wouldn't lay the blame on dean cain  ( although he is one of the producers )  ,  i'd lay more of the blame on phillip roth - the director and writer .  it's his job to make this film .  .  .  .  and ,  unfortunately ,  he failed . 
this movie really ,  i mean really ,  sucks .  its got plot holes so big ,  and 30 foot dragon can fit through them .  not to mention the dragon itself ,  which is inevitably the worst computer generated image ever to be put on the film real .  i mean ,  when you see something like this ,  you gotta be thinking  " wow ,  someone actually made this movie .  then released it .  that takes guts "  .  whoever they are ,  i'm sure they don't work in the film business anymore .   when i hired this movie ,  it wasn't in on dvd ,  so i  ( reluctantly )  took it out on video .  the first thing to appear ,  was a lord of the rings trailer ,  for the two towers .  this was a very clever move ,  putting this trailer on the video .  it justifies me  ( reluctantly )  giving the film 1 star ,  otherwise i would have given it zero stars .  maybe the producers though the star attraction of dean cain  ( i think thats how you spell it )  would draw in the crowds  ( uh ,  to the video store that is )  .   next they employed split screen technique  ( like in hulk )  to  ( i assume )  compensate for what an atrocity this piece of crap film is .  on the box cover ,  we see a picture of our hero ,  and the dragon .  does the dragon look exactly like the one in dragonheart ,  or is it just me ?  either way ,  the dragon in the film looks like a reject from gremlins 2 ,  and has the cgi of a nintendo video game villain from the early 90's  ( perhaps worse )  .  also ,  not the dragons movement as it pursues its victims- its the same f##cking monotonous movement- right leg ,  left leg ,  right leg left leg- dom ,  dom ,  dom ,  dom dom ,  dom f#$king dooooom !  this just pisses me off .  maybe the filmmakers thought this was thrilling and would have the same effect of jaws .  why not then have a dragon pov shot .  either way ,  that was just funny ,  much like watching a weebl toon .   dean cain gives many puzzled looks during the film  ( maybe his coming to terms with the fact that this film could end his career )  .  don't expect superman here .  the first time i saw the trailer for this film ,  i thought it was an add for a ps2 game .   as for the story ,  its so so bad ,  my 5 year old brother can come up with better ones when he's unconvincingly trying to lie about why he was messing around in my room while i wasn't there .  oh ,  and did i mention that i f@#king hate the people who made this incredibly stupid stupid crap atrocious film ?  !  !  ! 
nothing could have saved this movie ,  not even superman .   ten years ago the special effects would have been amazing .  better directing might have gotten some more feeling and better performances out of the actors .  but nothing but feeding the script to a dragon could have fixed it .  plot holes ,  bad lines ,  terrible pacing ,  endless replaying of the same shots of a cgi dragon stomping through hallways .  .  .  ugh .   avoid this one at all costs .   
if alien ,  jurassic park and countless other sci fi horror movies are your cup of tea ,  add a lot of sugar and you'll get this one down .  the film begins in jolly old england around 1100ad and then jumps to present day california .  our hero carver  ( dean cain )  is the new security chief and military advisor for a science lab 400 feet underground .  he arrives  ( carver is also a helicopter pilot )  with the lead scientist and we soon find out it's a cloning lab and they have something newly found to clone .  is it a dinosaur or what ?  as with the above movies ,  all hell breaks loose and our characters start getting picked off .  the special effects on the monster are pretty good for a  " direct to video "  movie and dean cain does what he gets paid for .  but forget the rest of the group as we find out why we have never seen them before .  again ,  don't go in with high expectations and you'll be ok . 
  once i ignored some of the implausibilities ,  this was actually a fairly decent horror/monster flick .  so ,  i'll give some of the good points first :  - the dragon was quite convincing ,  especially as she prowled through the tunnels looking for lunch  ( hint :  she likes humans )  .  - the action was fairly non stop ,  and ,  after a weak beginning ,  i got quite absorbed in the storyline .  - sorry to say ,  i was kind of rooting for the dragon - she was probably the most convincing and consistent character in the movie .   now for the implausible stuff **maybe some spoilers** :  - if you were hunting a fire-breathing dragon in 1100 ad ,  would you charge into its cave with a barrel of gunpowder under your arm ?  duh .  - a female character with an all-american name ,  blonde hair and obvious slavic accent ,  trying to pretend she's spanish ?  huh ?  - a lead scientist whose slavic accent you can cut with a knife ,  and he's supposedly born in chicago ,  educated in usa ?  - a military helicopter pilot who does his own repairs ,  flies a huge transport copter with no other crew ,  and is an expert marksman and combat soldier to boot ?  ok .  uh huh .  i won't even mention his giving 3 different call signs in 2 minutes while communicating with his base .   it's still better than some of the japanese monster flicks from the 60's ,  but not by much .  if we're lucky ,  we won't see dragon fighter 2 ,  though naturally the ending left that possibility wide open .  or ,  maybe ,  they'll hire a real director next time .   in spite of everything ,  i gave this flick a 4 out of 10 .  add 2 more if they rewrite the plot ,  and dean cain gets eaten in the first ten minutes .  <grin>
this movie is some of the worst crap i have ever seen .  i literally got a sharp pain in my head while watching this movie .  the cgi was awful ,  and the story was just a waste of ink .  dean cain's character was mr-super-intuitive-i-can-figure-out-anything ,  except he can't seem to work his own helicopter correctly .  the biggest problem was the split screen camera work .  i felt like i was watching the brady bunch or something ,  only it wasn't different people in the boxes ,  just close ups and different views of the same thing .  i can only figure that the actors really needed the money ,  because this movie wasn't worth the film it was shot on . 
there have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that i really liked .  this was not one of them .   it was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like i was watching a soap opera .  it was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking  " that's it ?  "  .  once i decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable .  this is one movie that would have wound up on mst3000 if it was still on . 
what a dreadful movie !  for some reason ,  scientific laboratories and outposts always have a staff of grubby ,  dirty ,  mean-spirited ,  misanthropes living inside .  these folks who presumably work together on complicated scientific projects cannot seem to agree on how to survive death at the hands of a cgi dragon .  spoilers :  an extra-nasty scientist whose main acting skill is  " leering "  and  " the sinister stare "  has cloned a dragon .  while the lab was supposed to work on this kind of thing ,  the other scientists are shocked ,  because apparently they were all way behind in their experiments and got caught with their pants down .  the rest of the story is like the thing ,  or ten little indians ,  where the staff is hunted and killed off as they try to formulate a way to escape and/or defeat the  " dragon .  "  the cgi dragon creature is dark gray ,  which seems to be the popular color for most of the cheap cgi special effects .  it hardly looks better than a cartoon ,  and the dark gray tones make it difficult to see any interesting details in the body of the dragon .  all it looks like is a gray blob .  the acting is less than horrible .  these scientists act like a bunch of children who cannot agree on anything ,  and this makes it easier for the dragon to kill them off in various attempts to escape ,  hide ,  etc .  dean cain is hardly better than any of the cast of unknown actors in this movie .  he seems to sink to the level of his supporting cast .  this movie is really ,  really atrocious .  the acting is bad .  the story is dumb .  the cgi is very very cheap and amateurish .  there is nothing commendable about this movie ,  it is not even a good time-killer to glance at while doing chores or other work . 
when you wish for the dragon to eat every cast member ,  you know you're in for a bad ride .   i went in with very ,  very low expectations ,  having read some of the other comments ,  and was not let down .  unlike some other cheap and failed movies ,  however ,  this one doesn't really remain hilariously  ( and unintentionally )  funny throughout .   -spoilers follow-  first of all ,  plot it very inconsistent .  looking past the  " small "  mistakes ,  such as the dragon growing up in 3 hours ,  the whole idea it's based on is messed up .  see ,  the movie wants us to believe that dragons came from outer space in the form of meteorites which really were dragon eggs .  after explaining this ,  they show some peasant poking at one with his pitchfork and the dragon pops out .  later ,  the obligatory  " crazy scientist "  guy babbles on about how dragons outlived the dinosaurs .  so apparently humans were around when dinosaurs were ,  or we just have a fine little plot hole here .  the other major thing is that the lab is blown up with a force  " half as strong "  as what was used for hiroshima .  then two guys later walk in to check everything out ,  and it's almost unscathed !  there's even another dragon ,  which grew out of who knows what .  all in all it's very predictable .  as soon as the guy mentioned cloning ,  i guessed they'd clone a dragon .  that means that our mr .  smarty-pants security guy isn't so intuitive and smart as the movie would have you believe ,  if you ignore that i knew this film would be about ,  you know ,  dragons .   putting that aside ,  the second worst thing is the  " special effects .  "  others have mentioned the fake rocks falling during the beginning ,  the cg helicopter ,  and the dragon .  it looks a bit better than a blob ,  but it ruined whatever it had going for it when it trudged down the hall in the same manner time after time .  to their credit ,  the flying dragons in the beginning looked ok from far away  ( although the one in the cave is probably the worst one in the whole movie .  )  these things are funny to watch ,  however .  the scenes where a million different shots of the same person facing different ways are shown are not .  nor are the  " introduction "  screens with the vital stats .   coming to the actors ,  they weren't the greatest ,  but i guess at least they tried ?  they seemed more enthusiastic about what they were doing than many of the actors participating in the recent  " bloodrayne ,  "  for example ,  and you've got to give them points for that .  one thing i noticed though was that the woman who plays meredith often had her face covered in make-up that was many tones lighter than the rest of her .  she looked like she had a bad run-in with some white-face .   the script is bad and cheesy .  you don't really notice the music ,  but it's actually not too bad for the most part .   the bottom line is don't watch it unless you want to see it because you hear it's bad  ( like i did )  ,  although the only funny things are the bad cg effects .  other than that ,  don't waste your time and money . 
pretty standard b-movie stuff .  seriously ,  anyone who watches  " dragon fighter "  with dean cain and a bunch of people making their first movie should know better than to expect real quality or even moderate intelligence .  b movies exist to re-work formulas that are popular .  if you give them even token analysis ,  you'll wind up ruining the movie for yourself  ( and perhaps writing some self-important ,  slanderous review on imdb )  .   i liked the female lead ,  kristine byers .  she had charisma and i thought she was notably attractive .  it was a memorable b-movie appearance .  unfortunately ,  i don't see where she has made any movies since .  i'll watch for her again . 
sophia loren plays aida ,  in one of the worst films of all time .  she can't lipsync .  in terms of production values ,  the film is so bad ,  that at one point ,  while loren is mouthing  " o patria mia ,  "  she leans onto what looks to be a stone wall for support ,  and the canvas set billows and shakes . 
yesterday i saw the movie flyboys and my girlfriend told me it was the worst movie she's ever seen .  .  .  since i thought it was pretty awful as well it got me thinking - which film was the worst film i had ever seen and this was the only film that came to mind .   unfortunately it was a couple of years since i've seen it but i remember the horribly miscast dean cain as cocky military man  ( pretty boy cain doesn't do cocky very well )  .  the strange deal with the cgi-helicopter when it would probably be cheaper to rent a chopper than to hire some cgi-guys to make it ,  but my guess is that they found the chopper as a free sample for some cgi program or the producer's son liked to play with his new computer .  and how did it look ?  ?  awful .  and when the dragon charges through the corridors of the complex then reuse the same shots over and over - looks very cheap .   avoid this movie - it is truly awful .  .  . 
it's hard to praise this film much .  the cgi for the dragon was well done ,  but lacked proper modelling for light and shadow .  also ,  the same footage is used endlessly of the dragon stomping through corridors which becomes slightly tedious .   i was amazed to see  " marcus aurelius "  in the acting credits ,  wondering what an ex-emperor of the roman empire was doing acting in this film !  like  " whoopie goldberg "  it must be an alias ,  and can one blame him for using one if he appears in this stinker .   the story might been interesting ,  but the acting is flat ,  and direction is tedious .  if you must watch this film ,  go around to your friend's house and get drunk while doing so - then it'll be enjoyable . 
there are those movies that are bad they are funny ,  then there are those where you scream  " i want that one and a half hours of my life back "  .  .  . thats pretty much what this is .   dean cain tries to be an actor but fails .  the sfx are really bad  ( repeated scenes and rocks that look like falling paper )  and the fake plastic guns that have torches taped on them .  .  . the split screen effect used to show multiple things happening at once is just terrible .   this movie cant even be used as one of those simple night entertainers ,  its just that bad  if i could go negative ratings ,  i would
the first 45 minutes of dragon fighter are entirely acceptable and surprisingly watchable .  the characters are believable and interesting .  the cloning lab looks really high-tech .  after that ,  it all collapses .  the characters start behaving idiotically ,  and a new subplot is introduced from nowhere about a fusion reactor  ( and this is supposedly  " present day "  )  going critical ,  the only plot justification of which is that it is required to kill the dragon - only it doesn't .  the finish is incredibly weak .  one wonders what made a movie that started out so well turn so wrong .   all the characters except dean cain are played by russians .  this results in some weird situations and details ,  like the character being played by vessela dimitrova being called  " bailey kent "  despite her heavy accent  ( and despite her ,  on one occasion ,  inexplicably switching to *spanish* !  )  .   because of the decent start ,  i considered rating this movie a 5 ,  but it really was more disappointing than that ,  so i only give it 4 . 
dragon fighter is the first sci-fi channel  ( although i guess it's now called syfy ?  )  original movie i have ever seen .  but i have seen one or two others since ,  and i can tell you that they were stupid ,  but this one really scrapes the bottom of the barrel .  the cgi is done poorly ,  the acting is bad ,  the script is ridiculous ,  and what happens at the very end is unexpected and out of place  ( if you have seen dragon fighter ,  you probably know what i mean ;  i didn't want to put a spoiler in my review )  .  plus ,  there was this one musical tune that was used in pretty much every single dangerous sequence .  that was really stupid ;  they just played it over and over .  and it's definitely not original ;  i know i've heard that somewhere before  ( i just can't remember where )  .  this is one to avoid . 
i caught this movie on sci-fi before heading into work .  if you've any interest in seeing dean cain dive and avoid being enveloped in flames at least a dozen times ,  this movie is for you .  if that doesn't peak your interest ,  well ,  i'm afraid you'll wish that you were the one about to be enveloped in flames ,  because this movie is pretty bad .  the acting ,  to begin with ,  is awful ,  awful ,  awful .  the characters are all completely obnoxious ,  and the dialogue is worse than your typical z-grade ,  sci-fi movie .  towards the end ,  the movie began to remind me of 'hollow man'  ( complete with escape via elevator shaft )  ,  except with a dragon ,  not a naked ,  invisible man .  unlike other similar flicks ,  however ,  this one wasn't even awesomely bad .  .  . it was just plain bad . 
this is a formula b science fiction movie ,  and the director made no bones about it .  it is about a dragon who is restored to life by a scientific team .  everything done is stuff you've seen many times before .  it is a weak script ,  with no real characters .  in fact ,  it is full of stereotype characters and situations .  the director attacks this by just making it a formula movie ,  with no attempt to fool us ,  and that gives this movie a mild appeal ,  but it isn't something you're likely to remember a while .  it is best seen while you're cooking ,  cleaning ,  working out .  sort of mindless fun .  it has its place in entertainment ,  but it certainly isn't something you sit down with friends to watch ,  unless you're all just drunk and don't care .  the mass rating of 3 . 2 is probably fair .  i don't think it is as crappy as most people ,  but i am surprised that some people in the postings thought this was spectacular .  that really eludes me ,  as i see no attempt to even make this a memorable film . 
why else would he do this to me ?   not that i expect dean cain to produce hit movies .  or even decent movies .  i saw lois and clark ,  i am aware of just how .  .  .   " good "  dean cain is .   obviously this is gonna be a cheesey flick ,  and each cheesey flick has its own special way to make you scratch your head .  i will not call these spoilers as you can't really spoil this movie any more than it already is .   to begin with .  .  .  why is that a fake helicopter ?  i mean .  .  .  why ?   how come that one scientist is from chicago and that other scientist is from la and neither one could be any more eastern european if they tried ?  how hard would it have been to get either an american actor ,  or just change that lame state sheet the movie provides us with to say those people aren't american ?   why are there 2 occasions when the movie gives us a slug line ?  we get helipad-day and then mess hall-day later on .  and then that's it ,  who cares about the timeline .  to be honest ,  who cared about it even when they mentioned it ,  but i guess that's beside the point .   does a movie really get better if you are able to view it through multiple split screens ?  the answer is no .   that dragon sure can walk down that hall .  . over .  . and over .  .  . and over .  .  .  . and over .  .  .   who on earth was responsible for one of the worst endings in film history ?  it was straight out of scooby doo .  oh ,  the dragon's dead now .  .  . say ,  wanna get dinner ?  sure ,  but not at some chinese place .  .  .  . with dragon in the name !  !  ah ha ha ha !  !  ha ha ha !  !  haha ha !  i used to be superman !  aha ha ha !  ha ha !   fade to black  my god ,  it made me cringe it was so stupid .   but never fear .  . even though the whole building exploded .  .  . and no one was left alive .  . for some reason there's a second untouched ,  unmanned lab that survived pretty well ,  so they can make a sequel .  hurray for us all .   
i mistakenly kept myself awake late last night watching this thing .  about the only thing i could say good about this horrid film is that it could be used by film schools to show how not to make a movie .  no proper character development ,  wait ,  i'm not even sure they were characters .  set-ups were hokey and inane ,  and the overuse of split screens was wasted since sometimes they couldn't even synchronize with alternate shots .  if i could give this a zero or minus rating i would .  sadly ,  it isn't even worth the time for a few laughs .    it's just a sad example of money wasted by hollywood ,  and now i waste my time even thinking about it . 
the bad out takes from  " reign of fire "  strung together ,  without any real story .   dean cain tries to be a real actor ,  and fails again .   in the end the dragons quit in disgust .   barf ! 
i gave this movie a 5 out of pure pity .  my intention is not to burst anyone's bubble ,  because i've seen ,  as i've skimmed through other comments ,  that this movie is quite appreciated by many .  well ,  it is not worth any praises ,  and i say this because i've seen the original anime ,  basilisk ,  and this movie shames it deeply .  perhaps if you see shinobi alone ,  you could like it .  it is enjoyable due to the well-choreographed battles ,  based on fantasy more than on martial arts ,  and i agree that their beauty is deeply enhanced .  but the story is nothing like the original one .  now ,  i understand that when one transforms an anime/manga into a movie ,  one must make certain changes .  i was not expecting to see the freakish characters from the anime ,  although they have a well-established role ,  and some are truly profound and well-designed .  but i certainly did not expect to see immense and wrongly-placed changes ,  that basically ruin the entire story .  characters who are dramatically and unethically mutilated ,  transformed in something the public might love more ,  perhaps .  for instance ,  oboro ,  who ,  in the anime is a sweet ,  innocent girl ,  completely and utterly in love with gennosuke ,  becomes a vengeful clan leader in the movie .  i liked the fact that the woman becomes strong and evades the limitations imposed on her by the era  ( we are talking about japan ,  17th century )  ,  but her mood changes are unbelievable and badly written .  hotarubi ,  which is one of my favourite characters in the film ,  but who is not known for her childish and sensitive nature ,  becomes a pathetic little girl who is not only not madly in love like in the anime ,  but is more or less worthless in the plot .  i could go on and on ,  like how they made tenzen ,  the worst and most dangerous character in the anime ,  exceptionally weak and unattractive ,  or how gennosuke ,  the leading character seems completely misplaced and confused ,  not to mention ,  again weak .  the music is beautiful and the image is astounding ,  which was expected of a japanese movie ,  and i appreciate it for that .  but do not watch this if you've seen and enjoyed basilisk ,  because it is just hopeless .  basilisk ,  although based on fantasy ,  with elements of horror and largely exaggerated is splendid and has so much more depth in its characters ,  storyline ,  historical value and it is ,  may i say ,  heartbreaking .  shinobi was a waste of time and i could not believe it kept on going after what was supposed to be the climax .  alas ,  it pains me deeply to judge a movie so harshly ,  but i advise you against it .  please ,  watch the anime ,  or at least watch the movie first and then repair your image of what basilisk really is by watching the anime .  otherwise you will have a seizure when you realize how they've massacred it . 
i have watched anime but i'm not a die hard fan ;  and i don't read manga .  i say this because many of the reviewers who are waxing lyrical about this film seem to have that background .  i have seen  " st .  john's wort ,  "  and although it isn't a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination ,  it made me pick up  " shinobi ,  "  especially since everyone seems to love it .   well ,  i watched it this afternoon ,  and fought very hard to keep watching .  yes ,  it's very beautiful - the slow motion water scenes ,  the autumn leaves on the trees ,  even the cgi eye flicker - majestic .  i liked the hawk ,  the costumes ,  even some of the fight scenes ,  but overall this was dull as dirt .   it seemed as if someone took  " romeo and juliet "  - the translation even mentions that they are star crossed lovers - and threw in some  " x-men "  for good measure .  two of the characters split wolverine's powers - the guy dressed in a bear costume had his claws and the grey-haired guy had his ability to heal himself .  then you have the girl who has a poison kiss - that's poison ivy  ( from batman )  .  why do they give these women such dumb powers ?  poison girl shows her leg then kisses you to death .  man ,  that's some great power for you .  and the other girl ,  can create bugs from this yellow dust that she rubs on her hands .  the other woman ,  one of the star crossed lovers ,  has the power of a hypnotic stare .  wow .   i sort of made it to the end of the film ,  by fast forwarding it ,  and did see a bit more tragedy than i expected .  some people are comparing this to  " house of flying daggers "  and  " hero .  "  don't make that mistake .  they may share similar endings ,  but that's where the similarities end .   " shinobi "  is made by an amateur - the other films are made by an experienced filmmaker .   i would say avoid this film unless you're 12 to 18 years old . 
 " shinobi "  is one of those movies that thinks the mere act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of gravitas or emotion to the story .  unfortunately ,  for the audience to actually care about the people dying ,  you have to develop the characters ,  otherwise all you have is a bunch of random acts of violence .  the problem is especially compounded when you have tons of characters ,  all of whom die .   ok ,  so if you can't be bothered to make the characters memorable or sympathetic in any way ,  you can at least make the reasons for why they die plausible ,  right ?  nope .  here we have a war between two ninja clans ,  with neither side really knowing why they are fighting each other .  they kill each other because the emperor says so .  yet even well after it becomes glaringly obvious that the emperor wants all of them dead ,  they still refuse to abandon their meaningless missions .  that's not stubbornness .  .  .  that's just plain dumb .   fine ,  fine !  there is no character development ,  and the plot provides no reasonable rationale for fighting .  at least they die fighting in cool action scenes ,  right ?  yet again ,  no !  in fact ,  many of the fights aren't even fights at all :  super ninjas that the movie spent so much time and effort introducing die suddenly  ( and lamely ,  in my opinion )  .  i'm talking about things like ,   " lalala ,  i'm walking along and i- *neck gets slashed* .  "  the end for that character .  not even halfway through the film ,  i threw my hands up in frustration at the ludicrousness of it . 
i suppose that today this film has relevance because it was an early sofia loren film .  she was 19 years old when the film was made in 1953 .   i viewed this film because i wanted to see some of sofia loren's early work .  i was surprised when she came on camera having had her skin bronzed over in brown makeup to resemble an ethiopian princess .  surely ,  today ,  this would have been viewed as a slur and to be avoided in movie making .  it actually became annoying watching ms .  loren in skin color paint throughout the film .   yes ,  this film would have been better made if the real opera singers had made this movie .  then ,  the singing and the actual facial gestures of the real artists would have been apparent .  i discount the comments by others about whether the real opera singers are older and heavier in weight .   as beautiful as ms .  loren was at age 19 and still is today ,  the film would have been better received as though it were being performed on the stage .  after all ,  we don't see beautiful young people on stage with  " old opera singers "  back stage singing from behind the curtain !  do not discount the success of using heavy-weight opera singers .  one only has to refer to the most artistically produced television commercial for the j .  g .  wentworth company with the opera singers on stage singing so professionally the praises of the company's product .  this is one of the best and entertaining tv commercials produced to date .   the quality of the movie print also makes this production of a somewhat lesser quality .  the color ink has faded much and that can not be helped .   to improve this film on dvd the production company should add english language subtitles so that we ,  who do not speak italian ,  can know what the lyrics are saying .  it would help the story and teach it more than the narrator giving 30 seconds of introduction to the scenes .   watch this film not because of the story of aida nor the fact that this is an opera .  aside from ms .  sofia loren none of her co-actors are known nor remembered by this writer .  instead ,  watch this movie if you are a fan of ms .  loren and wish to see her at age 19 -- no matter what the production is .   larry from illinois
sorry - this movie is just a cheap tv-production .  i saw very much promotion material and expect a professionell movie like  " stormriders "  - what i was presented was a low-budget-movie like  " xena "  or  " hercules "  on tv .  no atmosphere ,  very boring ,  more then worse fight-scenes .  some good ideas - not more .  i hope i will get the chance to make a movie like this and then i show how to do such a movie !  !  !   my asian-tips :   " musa - the warrior "  ,   " stormriders "  ,   " shaolin soccer "  ,   " battle royal "  ,   " versus "  ,  etc .   sorry for my bad english ! 
this has to be some of the worst direction i've seen .  the close-up can be a very powerful shot ,  but when every scene consists of nothing but close-ups ,  it loses all its impact .    tony scott has some very beautiful scenery to work with ,  the backdrops of mexico ,  the cantinas ,  the beautiful estate where anthony quinn lives ,  and the dusty towns costner rolls through on his journey for revenge .  unfortunately we only catch quick glimpses of these places before the camera cuts to a picture of a big ,  giant head .  even the transition scenes where costner is driving alone across mexico quickly cut to a close-up .    the score is over-dramatic and intrusive ,  dictating every emotion we should feel .  the story itself should have been handled much better .  among other things ,  too many people pop up out of nowhere to help costner along - it's just bad writing .    it's a typical thriller storyline ,  but many others have taken the same premise and done outstanding things with it .  costner's no way out had a somewhat similar storyline ,  but it was a much better movie .    the ending was completely anticlimactic and suffered from the most melodramatic scoring of the film .  this movie was never going to be great ,  but if we saw more of mexico and less of giant heads this film might have been watchable . 
revenge on us the viewing public perhaps .  i sat through this 2 hour movie and i was waiting for the second act to kick in so that the movie lived up to its title .  but costner never avenges his lovers fate she dies and the movie ends .  i was left wondering where the rest of the movie was .  if a movie is called revenge then the hero better get some by the end of the film .  i had a choice of seeing this or black rain at the cinema thankfully i saw the other brothers movie at the cinema instead . i caught up with this turkey on video .  there was one good thing about the film and was its beautiful theme tune .  listen to the cd . dont watch this its awful .  1 out of 10
i just watched this movie and i've gotta say that with such a great premise and great talent this turkey just lays there !  !  !  a friend lent me this movie and i watched with an open mind mainly because he had such high praise for the story .    well ,  the movie started off with kevin costner as a fighter pilot retiring .  .  .  why ?  why did they make him a fighter pilot ?  he was supposedly going to be hired by anthony quinn's character to be his new pilot .  .  .  well ,  we never see costner go near a plane for the rest of the movie !    costner runs into a texan  ( james gammon )  selling a horse to a big mexican businessman and costner tags along for a ride .  without knowing what happened ,  gammon is beat to near death and costner drives him to the meeting ,  which happens to be with an associate of quinn !  but ,  nothing comes of it .  .  .  nada ,  zilcho !  why did they have gammon's character ?  why did they have the horse sale with the quinn associate if nothing was to come of it ?    also ,  after they leave costner for dead ,  they make madeline stowe's character become a whore ,  then she attacks one of quinn's men that was paying for a turn .  .  .  she stabs him with his own knife ,  and the next thing she's been moved to a convent !  no explanation as to why she was moved ,  or when it was done !   too much talent wasted on such a weak script and poor editing !  !  i only watched this because a friend owned it and let me watch it .  .  .  i'm going to throw it at him for the 2 hours i wasted of my life watching the blasted thing ! 
this movie wastes virtually every actor's talents in what could best be charitably called a  " potboiler "  .   despite it's action-packed 'top gun' opening it is all downhill from there with plenty of stereotypes and unlikely situations following each other until you try to choke yourself on your popcorn .   there are so many dead-end story lines in this movie i was guessing at one point it was made by splicing together a discarded tv series .   quinn's mexican drug-lord role is laughable and his 'associates' plucked right out of a 1970's quinn-martin cop show .  costner's character is wooden and gives us no reason to believe he actually fell in love with mendez' wife .  nor are we convincingly led to believe the wife is aching for companionship and will jump the first hot body coming along .   definitely a 'b' movie at best and a huge waste of time for everyone involved . 
faces are slashed ,  throats are cut ,  blood squirts ,  and in end the three main characters are either depressed or they die .  they even blow up kevin costner's dog with a shotgun .  why would anyone want to see a movie like this ?  violence is valid only when the good guys kill the bad guys ,  not the other way around .  take for instance underworld and underworld evolution where you can enjoy seeing justice done when the demons are slain .  in this movie ,  the good guys are cut up .  see the difference ?  why would anyone want to make a movie that depresses the audience ?  beautiful photography and skilled editing in a motion picture like this is a waste of talent .  let's put this one into the category of the exquisite corpse . 
payback is the game being played in this drama and the revenge plot is undone by the absurd story line that sets the stage for the fireworks that come later .  why would a man become involved with the trophy wife of a ruthless mob boss in the gangster's own mansion with suspicious henchmen all around ?  why would an unhappy wife encourage the attentions of a complete stranger and expect him to carry her away with him and leave her husband and boredom behind to live happily ever after with her new love ?  surely the hero ,  here kevin costner ,  must have expected a reaction from the cuckold husband that gives the movie an excuse to indulge in senseless gore and violence .  anthony quinn ,  great actor that he was ,  surely deserved better ,  and madeleine stowe is the tragic figure who suffers greatly as she latches on to her prince charming .  stowe is okay but her spanish accent doesn't work .  the cameos of the lesser players are good ,  especially miguel ferrer and john leguizamo and sally kirkland is interesting as a fading rock star . 
i've never understood the appeal of garbo .  she always comes across in her films as stuck up ,  not all that alluring ,  and that annoying voice that could have drowned out the tuba section .  she was also a very limited actress ,  like gloria swanson far better off left in the silent era .  in this her last film ,  her performance is very average and even unassured .  she tries hard but it all comes to nothing because the script is even worse than her acting .   a would be screwball romcom that is never once believable and never gets off the ground  ( even though melvyn douglas manages to get airborne in the skiing scenes ,  which are really the only amusing thing here )  .   there was potential but the script fails in almost every department ,  wasting every actor in it .  douglas and garbo had good enough chemistry together but this one isn't even a spot on ninotchka ,  which i also found to be extremely overrated . 
it seems a shame that greta garbo ended her illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous mistaken-identity marital romp .  coming off the success of her first romantic comedy ,  ernst lubitsch's masterful  " ninotchka "   ( 1939 )  ,  where she was ideally cast as an austere russian envoy ,  garbo is reunited with her leading man melvyn douglas for a sitcom-level story that has her playing karin borg ,  a plain-jane ski instructor who impulsively marries publishing executive larry blake when he becomes smitten with her .  once he makes clear that work is his priority ,  karin inadvertently decides to masquerade as her high-living twin sister katherine to test her husband's fidelity when he is back in manhattan .   it's surprising that this infamous 1941 misfire was directed by george cukor ,  who led garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in 1937's  " camille "  ,  because this is as unflattering a vehicle as one could imagine for the screen legend .  only someone with carole lombard's natural sense of ease and mischief could have gotten away with the shenanigans presented in the by-the-numbers script by s . n .  behrman ,  salka viertel and george oppenheimer .  mgm's intent behind this comedy was to contemporize and americanize garbo's image for wartime audiences whom the studio heads felt were not interested in the tragic period characters she favored in the thirties .   however ,  garbo appears ill-at-ease mostly as the bogus party girl katherine and especially compared to expert farceurs like douglas and constance bennett as romantic rival griselda .  photographed unflatteringly by joseph ruttenberg ,  garbo looks tired in many scenes and downright hideous in her teased hairdo for the  " chica-choca "  dance sequence .  the story ends conventionally but with the addition of a lengthy physical sequence where larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately reminds me of sonny bono's death .  roland young and ruth gordon  ( in a rare appearance at this point of her career )  show up in comic supporting roles as douglas' associates .  this movie is not yet on dvd ,  and i wouldn't consider it priority for transfer as it represents a curio in garbo's otherwise legendary career .  she was reportedly quite unhappy during the filming .  i can see why . 
1937's  " stella dallas "  with barbara stanwyck hasn't exactly aged well--how anyone thought a semi-updated version of the story would work now is a real puzzler .  perhaps they thought jaunty ,  cheerfully brash bette midler could make something out of it ,  but this hoary script defeats her .  plot about a female bartender having a baby out of wedlock ,  and years later giving the young girl over to the child's wealthy father so she'll have a shot at a better life ,  can't escape tatty ,  old-fashioned trappings and sentiment .  midler works best with a movie director who can control her excesses ,  but that fails to happen here ;  stephen collins is stolid as the man who changes her life ,  but trini alvarado is well-cast as midler's daughter .  this is what used to be referred to as a  " woman's picture "  ,  a wallow ,  but it doesn't pass muster because it stays too faithful to its 1930's origins .  *1/2 from ****
the story is a little slow and a little stupid .  greta garbo doesn't look very good and i couldn't understand half the things she said because of her accent ,  which was exaggerated for this role .  melvyn douglas ,  meanwhile ,  plays his normal unlikeable role and constance bennett is just so-so except for a couple of her screams ,  which were funny .    on the plus side ,  roland young had the best role in the film .  i wish he had more lines ,  as he disappeared in the second half of the story .  also ,  it was interesting to see ruth gordon look so young .  i had only seen her in those crazy roles she played from the late '60s to the '80s and a whacked out old woman .  story-wise ,  the best part might have been the final few minutes when we see a stunt man doing amazing things on skis ,  pretending to be douglas falling down the slopes .  that was amazing and humorous footage .   overall ,  i can see where this film - garbo's last - was not a box-office success .  it just drags too much ,  going on and on about deceptions .  it's an annoying story .  garbo knew it ,  too ,  and called it quits . 
being born in the 1960's i grew up watching the tv  " movies of the week "  in the early 70's and loved the creepy movies that were routinely shown including  " crowhaven farm "  ,   " bad ronald "  ,   " satan's school for girls "  ,   " kolchak the night stalker "  ,  etc ,  but this one is just plain dumb . this is obviously the writer's trying to capitalize on the horrific manson murders from a few years earlier .  the movie stars dennis weaver of  " mccloud "  and  " duel "  fame as a father who takes his family camping on a beach .  the family encounters some hippies who for some reason decide to terrorize the family .  the reason for this is never explained ,  and weaver's pacifistic stance is hard to swallow .  for god's sake ,  call the police ,  beat the hell of them or something ,  just don't sit there and whine about it .  the acting is pretty lame ,  the story unbelievable ,  etc .  susan dey looks cute in a bikini but that's about it .  ignore this if it ever airs on tv . 
i can't believe i waste my time watching this garbage !  i did because leonard maltin gave it an  " aa "  rating ,  and for tv movies this is usually a reliable indicator of some quality entertainment .   the acting was ok ,  but whoever wrote it should be forever denied access to any medium of communication .  the plot is ludicrous ,  the motivations of the  " bad guys "  totally absent ,  and the various family interactions silly and shallow .  for example ,  dad preaches that violent reaction to aggression is bad ,  but he turns out to be an  " admirable "  person not because of his  " ignore the idiots "  philosophy ,  but because he's pretty good with his fists .  .  .   the only message i was able to glean from this pap was that the nuclear family is good and alternate living arrangements are bad .  oh ,  and bad people happen to good people . 
you might be a bit confused if you watch this silly made-for from the beginning ,  since the credits list susan dey as  " special guest star .  "  um ,  why would a one-off mow like this have a guest star ?  well ,  if you stick with it ,  you'll find yourself paying attention to little else but ms .  dey's butt ,  wiggling in a flowered bikini as the  " partridge family "  house babe frolics on the beach to which that imaginative title alludes .  susan's derrière is especially compelling when she shakes it at the camera while teasing and tickling her pseudo-disaffected brother in one mildly incestuous scene .  sadly ,  susie and her tush fight a losing battle :  the jiggle-tv craze that might have put that bottom over the top was three years off ,  so that sweet booty just gets a supporting role .  in 1976 fat freddy silverman would have put that behind right out front and used this flick as susan's audition tape for  " charlie's angels .  "  as is ,  our susan was denied cheesecake immortality and had to settle for a very commendable career playing somber ,  neurotic women .   the view beyond susan's heinie ,  it must be said ,  is not very compelling .  the scenery is nice ,  and photographed in a bizarre ,  hazy way that briefly fools you into thinking there might be some quirky creative intelligence at work behind the camera .  nope .  it's just a typically suspense-challenged 70's made-for-tv thriller that allowed weekly series stars to make some extra cash ( and collect some cable residuals ,  though they obviously didn't know that at the time )  and show off their  " range .  "  here we're treated to a tv-scale nuclear family ,  squaring off against tv-scale thugs who can't decide whether they're a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult  ( thus the filmmakers split the difference by putting them in dune buggies )  and have never learned one of the primary lessons of 1970s television :  don't mess with dennis weaver  ( see  " mccloud "  and  " duel "  )  .  the only potential for depth in this movie is in the aforementioned teenage-son character of steve ,  played by the long-forgotten  ( if ever-remembered )  kristoffer tabori ,  who is supposed to be rebellious and troubled and might feel some sympathy for and attraction to the lawless mob that is  ( supposedly )  menacing his family .  but steve ,  as played by tabori  ( gosh ,  why didn't we see more from this wunderkind ?  )  ,  is actually just grumpy and moody and isn't one bit conflicted when big d gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial  ( and literal )  sand .  for the sleep-deprived and susan deyniacs  ( there must be some of you out there )  only . 
this is a terrible production of bartleby ,  though not ,  as the other reviewer put it because it is  " unfilmable ,  "  but rather because this version does not maintain the spirit of the book .  it tells the story ,  almost painfully so .  watching it ,  i could turn the pages in my book and follow along ,  which is not as much fun when dealing with an adaptation .  rather ,  see the 2001 version of bartleby featuring crispin glover .  that version ,  while humorous ,  brings new details to the film while maintaining the spirit of the novel .  what's important is the spirit ,  not the minutiae of things like setting ,  character names ,  and costumes .  the difference between these film versions is like night and day ,  tedious and hilarious .  this version is a lesson as to what can go wrong if an adaptation is handled poorly ,  painful ,  mind-numbing schlock . 
a noble effort ,  i guess ,  but ultimately a poor one .  before seeing this film ,  i felt  " bartleby ,  the scrivener "  was unfilmable .  after seeing it ,  i still do .  unfortunately ,  i think only those who have read the story will understand what is going on ,  and they will be upset at the film's needless revisions  ( updating from 1850 to 1970 ,  moving from new york to london )  .  even the superb talents of paul scofield can't salvage what looks to me like a well meaning but misguided effort to film melville's metaphysical classic . 
i do agree that though this story by melville just might be unfilmable ,  this isn't even a credible try .  to move the story into the 20th century just outrages the original story's intent and nature ;  possibly you might have been able to move it over to england ,  but it must be a period piece .  even our story narrator--the proprietor--tells it in a flashback ,  going back even further ,  somewhere around 1800 .  towards the end of the 19th century ,  a strangely disobedient worker would be discarded without a thought .  and the 20th century ?  come on !  give me an expletive deleted break !  !  !  even around 1800 ,  such behavior didn't work very well ,  in view of the ending .  and the movie's ending ?  i don't know what it was ,  because i didn't watch the entire travesty--i had to stop .  this was like setting  " streetcar named desire "  in elizabethan england . 
i kinda liked the film despite it's frenzied pace .  but ,  i did not appreciate the comment that canada was referred to as montana north .  it is definitely not montana north and never will be .  americans wonder why they are perceived as arrogant in the rest of the world ,  and that is one reason why .  stop teaching the kids of the united states of america to think they own the planet .  such a centrist world view is not becoming of one of the world's great nations .  even in jest .  i would never refer to the usa as 'alberta south' .  walt would never put us down ,  so why start now .  other than that the film was pretty goofy ,  better luck next time . 
i wanted to like this movie .  but it falls apart in the middle .  the whole premise is a good one and ties up nicely ,  but the middle runs off tangent .  the people i watched with were getting annoyed while it ran off course ,  and hoping it would end sooner than it did .  another person actually fell asleep during the middle segment !  i found myself day dreaming elsewhere during the schtick parts that had nothing to do with the plot .  i bought it for the eye candy and it delivered that well ,  but it lacks pixar's writing and soul .  i think kids 8 and under will enjoy the ride at face vaule ,  while missing the plot .  people old enough to follow a plot will find it wonders too far to return quickly and easily .  edit out most of the middle section ,  make it 50 minutes and it would be a solid flick .  i wish i had better things to say .  but i don't
i went to see this with my wife and 3 yr old son .  he seemed to like it a lot more than my wife and i did .  the writing is surprisingly poor for a pixar / disney excursion .  in fact ,  i had a very hard time paying attention at all .  the movie does look amazing but the story just becomes so weird and long winded that i was hoping my son would fall asleep so i could pick him up and walk out .   not to say that the film isn't an interesting concept ,  it's just told so oddly ,   ( bad screenplay ?  )  especially when we  " meet the family "  for the first time .  i know we're supposed to get the impression that the family is wacky but good lord ,  they could've shortened that sequence by a good 15 minutes  ( seemingly ,  i didn't actually time it )  .  by that point i was scratching my head looking for an exit . 
 " stella "  ,  starring bette midler in the title role ,  is an unabashed tearjerker .  set in upstate new york ,  stella claire works nights as a bar maid ,  pouring and dancing in a workingman's saloon .  one night ,  in comes a slumming medical intern ,  stephen dallas ,  who woos stella ,  and in the course of their affair impregnates her .  she spurns both his offers of marriage and abortion ,  sends him packing to a lucrative medical career ,  and raises her daughter herself in near-poverty .  flash-forward 16 years and the daughter has grown into a gorgeous ,  loving ,  young lady .  dr .  dallas is not out of the picture ,  still maintaining a tenuous ,  but caring relationship with his daughter and .  . i'm rambling ,  and worse yet ,  making the movie sound somewhat interesting .  the acting and screenwriting are so over-the-top you'll let out a groan in almost every scene .  the chief offender is bette midler ,  but close behind is john goodman as her alcoholic buddy .  each scene seems more contrived than the preceding right up to the finale ,  which is truly a hoot .  taken as a dramatic piece ,  this film rates no more than grade d ,  but as camp ,  it scores an unintended b+ .   
i really wanted to like this film ,  but so much of it is stolen/borrowed from other work -- some of the borrowing is painfully blatant .  the new york times' review pointed out that their singing frog is awfully reminiscent of the one in the famous warner brothers' cartoon  ( 'hello my baby ,  hello my darlin' ,  hello my ragtime gal .  .  . ' )  .  but i challenge anyone to watch the fox/blue sky animated feature robots  ( 2005 )  and not find ridiculous similarities in :  storyline - a young inventor growing up ,  and a single innovative corporation distributes all great inventions .   cityscape - extremely similar camera angles capture extremely similar futuristic city environments .    .  .  . robots .  .  .  - the servant robot in the robinson household has a very similar design to those in robots ,  and both films use a sort of retro-futuristic look .   all of this seems to be in sharp contradiction to the obnoxious quote from disney at the end ,  implying that the company has been a steady innovator who never looks back  ( which also contradicts their entire catalog of films in the 90s that were pretty much clones of each other ,  with some minor tweaks to storyline and ethnicity )  .   the filmmakers seem unable to let the story speak on its own ,  and instead constantly send objects and noises flying in our direction ,  as though we don't have the attention span for anything less .   the villain is really well-designed and brilliantly animated ,  and he's a pleasure to watch .  much of the rest of the film seems thrown-together .  some of the landscapes look like cgi from the mid-90s .   the film actually opens with a classic mickey mouse short .  by the end of this cartoon ,  we are reminded that disney never did have much interest in innovating or good storytelling -- they seem to think that simply getting something up on the big screen is proof enough of their virtue . 
this movie started out with some semblance of a plot ,  then abandoned it for an endless series of random characters and encounters that have nothing to do with moving the story forward .  it was impossible to remain engaged with this film .  this movie is a very cynical pile of garbage made by some people with animation skills but totally lacking in creativity or storytelling ability .  it is a shockingly bad effort coming from a major studio .  clearly there are morale and motivation problems at disney ,  not to mention a complete lack of oversight and quality control .  that management allowed this movie to see the light of day speaks volumes about their incompetence and desperation .  this movie joins my very short  " worst movies of all time "  list . 
now for the truth ,  its very very weak storyline - for a walt disney film its total rubbish .  when the robinson appear ,  the films all over the place ,  i was shocked how poor it was .  it like  " alice in wonderland "  gone wrong !  .  it feels like they were short on ideas some mashed some crazy rubbish together to try and get away with it - and they don't .  after that ,  i sat there wishing for the end .  my younger brother lost interest half way through and was confused by the story .  the characters are weak and after the robinsons appear you don't care about the ending ,  you just want the film to finish .  its a film to forget ,  and forget quickly .  if you've got some spare time ,  don't waste it on this . 
this movie forever left an impression on me .  i watched it as a freshman in high school and was home alone that night .  i think i lost all respect for robert reed as an actor having been a huge fan of the  " brady bunch "  .  i also thought the role of chuck connor was horrendous and evil .  however ,  this movie made such an impact on me that i am now a volunteer in the women's state prison doing bible studies and church services and trying to change womens lives ,  one at a time .  what fascinates me is that so few people actually watched this movie .  none of my friends watched it and my family is clueless to this day when i discuss this movie because they didn't see it . 
originally aired as an abc movie of the week .  this involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little southern town .  they aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there .  what follows is rape ,  torture ,  beatings ,  humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion .   the tv version was  ( for its time )  grim .  no nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down .  the unrated version is even worse--there's plentiful nudity ,  the violence is extreme and ,  in one particularly disgusting sequence ,  we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard  " uses "  her .  yuck !  there's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink .  you get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face like you're supposed to enjoy it .  the needlessly downbeat ending doesn't help .   i'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good--but that actually makes the movie harder to watch .  a sick ,  sleazy film .  not recommended . 
supposedly a  " social commentary "  on racism and prison conditions in the rural south of the 1970's ,   " nightmare "  is full of bad southern stereotypes ,  complete with phoney accents .  not only would it be offensive to the sensibilities of most american southerners ,  this tawdry piece of work comes off as just a thinly-disguised  " babe in prison "  movie--especially in its uncut original version .  nevertheless ,  acting is generally above average and the late chuck connors ,  in particular ,  does a good job of making viewers hate him--even though he looks somewhat uncomfortable in several scenes .  there's also a change-of-pace role for the late robert reed ,  who appears as the lecherous warden ,  and tina louise  ( previously ginger of  " gilligan's island "  )  made a rather believable sadistic prison guard .  my grade :  d .    
 : spoilers :   i was very disappointed in love's abiding joy .  i had been waiting a really long time to see it and i finally got the chance when it re-aired thursday night on hallmark .  i love the first three  " love "  movies but this one was nothing like i thought it was going to be .  the whole movie was sad and depressing ,  there were way to many goofs ,  and the editing was very poor - to many scenes out of context .  i also think the death of baby kathy happened way to soon and clarks appearance in the movie just didn't seem to fit .  it seemed like none of the actors really wanted to be there - they were all lacking emotion .  there seemed to be no interaction between missie and willie at all .   i think the script writers should have went more by the book .  it seems like every movie that's been made so far just slips further and further away from janette oke's writings .  i mean in the movie they never mentioned a thing about the mine and the two boys or clark getting hurt because of it .  and i think missie and willies reactions to kathy's death could have been shown and heard rather than just heard .   out of the four movies that have been made so far i'd have to say that love's abiding joy is my least favorite .  i hope with the next four movies that more of the book is followed and if clarks character is in them i hope he's got a bigger part and i hope his part isn't so bland .  i also hope there is more of scottie and cookie and maybe even marty but who knows what the script writers will have in store next . 
i saw this film in its entirety in the 1960s & 70s ,  yes it is gruesome ,  and could be the progenitor of the  " faces of death "  series popular in the 80s & 90s .  considering the state of so-called  " driver education "  these days ,  this one should be required viewing for everyone preparing to learn to drive .  when you see violent death in all its gore & horror ,  you certainly  ( if you have any sensibility at all )  get a truer perspective on the responsibilities required to drive safely ,  what one instant of thoughtlessness or inattentiveness at the wheel can do .  i worked for bell telephone in the 70s & 80s ,  and at one point was assigned to conduct a safety class .  i found this film in the company library ,  showed it at the session ,  a number of people got physically sick and had to leave the room !  incredibly ,  most of them later said  " i never knew a car accident could be so terrible !  "  this film ,  and another ,   " red asphalt "  ,  is certainly reality in its most graphic form .  i'll never forget it ,  i only wish i could have found a copy when my children were attending  " driver's ed "  in high school ! 
i was so excited when i discovered this was available !  i couldn't wait to see it .  what a waste of energy !  it's kind of like that rarities cd by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store .  being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery .  but once you heard it it became obvious why these dogs never made it onto a real album .  this dvd is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything lynch has done .   " six men getting sick "  is somewhat visually interesting but short and repetitive .  it lacks the power of lynch's later work  " the grandmother "  is quite simply an immature work .  it's tedious and looks like a student film .  but it was the 70's .  .  . it's interesting only if you hope to psychoanalyze the director .  but you can see ,  briefly ,  the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds .   " the alpahabet "  is forgettable  ( no really !  i can't remember this one at all !  )   " the amputee "  is pointless .   " the cowboy and the frenchman "  is just plain silly .   " lumiere "  is the only worthwhile one in the bunch .  without dialog lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work .  i had to watch this one several times .  but it runs less than 2 minutes .  hardly worth the trouble of renting or buying the dvd . 
an unmarried woman named stella  ( bette midler )  gets pregnant by a wealthy man  ( stephen collins )  .  he offers to marry her out of a sense of obligation but she turns him down flat and decides to raise the kid on her own .  things go ok until the child named jenny  ( trini alvarado )  becomes a teenager and things gradually  ( and predictably )  become worse .   i've seen both the silent version and sound version of  " stella dallas "  .  neither one affected me much  ( and i cry easily )  but they were well-made if dated .  trying to remake this in 1990 was just a stupid idea .  i guess midler had enough power after the incomprehensible success of  " beaches "  to get this made .  this  ( predictably )  bombed .  the story is laughable and dated by today's standards .  even though midler and alvarado give good performances this film really drags and i was bored silly by the end .  stephen collins and marsha mason  ( both good actors )  don't help in supporting roles .  flimsy and dull .  really--who thought this would work ?  see the 1937 stanwyck version instead .  i give this a 1 . 
i respect the fact that this is a very popular show .  however ,  in comparison with robert altman's ingenious ,  hilarious ,  zany ,  and groundbreaking 1970 movie classic ,  this show was probably destined to be less-than-mediocre .  .  .  even if it did run for 11 years ,  that doesn't necessarily make it any good .  this show formed an all-too-integral part of my early childhood  ( it was on re-runs every night ,  and guess whose parents were watching it and laughing it up )  ,  but it's one of the memories i don't miss .  and now that i actually have seen the movie ,  i can give this series an accurate critique .  on its own ,  it's not nearly  " 2 out of 10 "  bad .  however ,  the characters on this show are nothing like those in the movie .  some of them technically are the same ,  but they're only similar in name .  for instance ,  since when is alan alda anything like donald sutherland ?  his style of humor is totally different ,  as are his characterization and outlook .  the new characters are not that great ;  they just serve to make you miss the ones that they're replacing .  it's the same with the new actors  ( including jamie farr )  .  the only thing that actually transfers to the series is radar ,  who's still  ( even though played by the same actor )  merely a pale imitation of the original .  what else ?  oh ,  yeah .  with a laugh track  ( it didn't matter whether it was used in surgery scenes or not )  ,  it comes across as creepy ,  due to what's going on in the other settings .  and because it lasted nearly four times longer than the actual korean war ,  it takes viewers into this bizarre temporal rift that doesn't work outside the world of cartoons .  i've never liked this show ,  and i never will . 
simply ,  i found the tv show  " mash "  trite ,  preachy ,  oh ever so  " politically correct "  ,  repetitious ,  pretentious and biggest sin of all ,  and that is ,  ?  that it is  ( was )  incredibly dull .  you have alan alda as the main lead ,   "  ( star )  "  ,  who is so in love with himself and his cleverness ,  that it actually made me uncomfortable to even try and sit through an episode .  the original series had both mclean stevson ,  and wayne rogers ,  whom i'll happily admit had a certain panache and style to their character presentation .  however ,  harry  ( henry )  morgan ,  and mike farrell ,  both singularly and compositely together is like eating caviar and fresh oysters with wonder bread .  loretta swit ,  which i also found dull ,  also to no fault of her own wasn't a wonder to look at ,  and gary burghoff ,  who was good in the movie got tired looking and acting as the show wore on .  seeing one show a year showed that to me .  jamie farr was just low brow  " comedy "  and is not even worth really mentioning here at all .  the reason i did not give it a  ( one )  rating ,  which anyone reading this by now would be wondering ,  is that ratings of any sort is not only a subjective call ,  but a relative one .  television ,  except for relatively few exceptions ,  is such crud .  that relatively speaking ,  mash had some production quality ,   ( by television standards )  of that era and today ,  and therefore it is deserved of a two .  rob ritter
if you hate redneck accents ,  you'll hate this movie .  and to make it worse ,  you see patrick swayze ,  a has been trying to be a redneck .  i really can't stand redneck accents .  i like billy bob thornton ,  he was good in slingblade ,  but he was annoying in this movie .  and what kind of name is lonnie earl ?  how much more hickish can this movie get ?  the storyline was stupid .  i'm usually not this judgemental of movies ,  but i couldn't stand this movie .  if you want a good billy bob thornton movie ,  go see slingblade .   my mom found this movie for $5 . 95 at wal mart .  .  . figures .  .  . i think i'll wrap it up and give it to my grandma for christmas .  it could just be that i can't stand redneck accents usually ,  or that i can't stand patrick swayze .  maybe if patrick swayze wasn't in it .  i didn't laugh once in the movie .  i laugh at anything stupid usually .  if they had shown someones fingers getting smashed ,  i might have laughed .  people's fingers getting smashed by accident always makes me laugh . 
being a fan of billy bob thornton ,  and the diversity of his skills ,  i noticed this movie listed ,  and was surprised i hadn't heard of it .   i'd traveled more than usual during both the period it was being filmed in 2000 ,  and when it hit theaters more than 2-1/2 years later  ( that passage of time is the first clue all was not well with the production )  .   now patrick swayze can't act for sour apples ,  but thornton has more than enough ability to make-up for the difference between them .  and charlize theron is someone whom it would be a pleasure to see ,  even if it showed her watching paint dry .   being curious ,  i checked this site's production info .  it made a whopping < $600 per screen its opening weekend ,  and just over $400 each ,  after its month's theater run in latter 2002 .  overall gross was $261k ,  which i'd doubt could cover cast and crew's hotel and food for a week on location .   the story is pretty benign ,  and even the use of the usually interesting locale of reno is as dull as the rest of the goings-on .   it's something like several snl bits all pieced together ,  none individually too great at all ,  and the overall presentation even worse .   whatever ,  the expenses for this production had to be considerable - even if all worked for less than their usual fees - so the one thing which made it a barely tolerable opus was the quality of the filming and billy bob's present  ( albeit understandably somewhat laconic here  ,  compared with his usual work .   think of the three superb ,  totally diverse characters he portrayed in  " sling blade ,  "   " bandits "  and  " bad santa ,  "  and you know he realized this work was below standard ,  long before the viewers had the opportunity to confirm this .  one star for him ,  even here ,  and one because production was better than ,  say ,  the typical  " lifetime "  flick . 
i've seen some crappy movies in my life ,  but this one must be among the very worst .  definately bottom 100 material  ( imo ,  that is )  .   we follow two couples ,  the dodds  ( billy bob thornton as lonnie earl and natasha richardson as darlene )  and the kirkendalls  ( patrick swayze as roy and charlize theron as candy )  in one car on a roadtrip to reno .   apparently ,  lonnie isn't too happy with his sex-life ,  so he cheats on his wife with candy ,  who's despirately trying to have a baby .  roy ,  meanwhile ,  isn't too sure if his sperm is ok so he's getting it checked by a doctor .   now ,  i had read the back of the dvd ,  but my girlfriend didn't ,  and she blurted out after about 20 minutes :  'oh yeah ,  she's gonna end up pregnant but her husband can't have any baby's' .  spot on ,  as this movie is soooo predictable .  as well as boring .  and annoying .  meaningless .  offensive .  terrible .   an example of how much this movie stinks .  the two couples set out in their big car towards nevada ,  when they are stopped by 2 police-officers ,  as they didn't stop at a stop-sign .  the guys know each other and finally bribe the two officers with a case of beer .  not only is this scene pointless and not important  ( or even relevant )  for the movie ,  it takes about 5 minutes !  it's just talk and talk and talk ,  without ever going somewhere .   i still have to puke thinking about the ending though .  apparently ,  roy isn't having problems down there so he is the father of the child .  how many times does that happen in the movies .  .  .  try something new !  the cheated wife ultimately forgives her husband and best friend for having the affair and they all live happily ever after .  yuck .   best scene of the movie is right at the end ,  with a couple of shots of the grand canyon .  why couldn't they just keep the camera on that for 90 minutes ?   one would expect more from this cast  ( although thornton really tries )  ,  but you can't really blame them .  writers ,  shame on you !   1/10 . 
  what an absolutely crappy film this is .  how or why this movie was made and what the hell billy bob thornton and charlize theron were doing signing up for this mediocre waste of time is beyond me .  strong advise for anyone sitting down to catch a flick :  do not waste your time on this 'film' . 
when this film plays on television you might want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel .  there's nothing special here that you need to see .  story is about two married couples from arkansas who go on a trip together to reno .  couple number one is lonnie earl dodd  ( billy bob thornton )  who is a car dealer and having problems with his marriage .  his wife is darlene  ( natasha richardson )  and she has a low self opinion of herself and they haven't been intimate in a long time .  lonnie has been sleeping with candy  ( charlize theron )  who is the wife of his best friend roy kirkendall  ( patrick swayze )  .  they all drive to reno and the four of them stay in one luxurious suite .  roy and candy have been trying to have a baby and finally candy discovers that she is pregnant .  but roy phones his doctor in arkansas and finds out that he's sterile .  candy and lonnie admit their affair and now the whole trip is in chaos .  this film is directed by jordan brady and he's made a few other low budget films but this is his first with a cast this impressive .  unfortunately brady doesn't show much comedic flair but you can't lay all the blame on him .  this script is just not funny and one of the glaring problems is that the characters are all written down to a sitcom level .  just because they're all from the south doesn't mean that they have to be naive and idiotic .  thornton's character doesn't have the sophistication to tip the bellboy more than a dollar .  and swayze's character is called stupid and dumb by everyone throughout the film and one of the rare good moments comes when he asks everyone to lay off of him for at least one day .  penelope cruz pops up as a prostitute and it's a totally worthless and pointless cameo .  she barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines !  i think she was fulfilling an obligation to harvey and bob weinstein who are executive producers for this film .  the only person who actually isn't to bad is richardson .  we watch her become more confident in herself but this plotline in the film is very obvious and cliche .  all of these actors should know better and it's hard to figure that they all read the script and liked it .  it's a complete waste of time for these actors but at least they got paid .  as for the viewers ,  your not getting paid so skip this one ! 
i'll just be vague about my potential spoiling comments .  there are enough canned plot elements in this movie that it's essentially pre-spoiled .   this movie derives a few ideas from a southern classic ,  to kill a mockingbird .  i suppose maybe tkom got its ideas from some source .  .  .  .  at any rate ,  after you watch this ,  you'll say ,   " oh yeah ,  that is a ripoff "  .   i think the truly entertaining thing about these mcmovies is once you've identified a plot element ,  is to figure out whether they'll stick with the original ,  or try to twist it around .  not a lot of twists in this one . 
channel surfing and caught this on logo .  it was one of those  " i have to watch this because it's so horribly bad "  moments ,  like roadhouse without the joy .  the writing is atrocious ;  completely inane and the acting is throw-up-in-your-mouth bad .   there's low budget and then there is the abyss which is where this epic should be tossed and never seen from again .  i mean ,  the main characters go to a ski retreat in some rented house and the house is ,  well ,  ordinary which is no big deal ,  but they choose to show all the houseguests pouring over it like it was the sistine chapel .  i'm sorry but watching 6 guys stare into every 10'x10' boring room with a futon in it and gushing is lame .  i guess they didn't learn anything from the bad news bears in breaking training  ( see hotel room check scene )  .  .  . wow a toilet  !  !  !  yaayyyyy  !  !  !  !  i don't buy the its all over the top so anything goes routine .  if it smells like .  .  . and it looks like .  .  . well ,  you know the rest .   avoid like the plague .   edit :  apparently other more close minded reviewers believe that since i disliked this movie ,  i am an  " obvious hater "  which i can only assume means i am phobic ,  which of course is not true .  i decided to do this wacky ,  crazy thing and judge the movie based on the actual content of the film and not by its mere presence  ( i . e .  its refreshing to see .  .  .  )   sure ,  it may be refreshing to see but that doesn't equate into a great movie ,  just give them some better material to work with and tighter direction .  in fact ,  i applaud the effort .  frankly ,  i'd rather go listen to my kitchens of distinction catalogue than watch this again . 
what can you say about this movie ?  it was not terrible ,  but it was not good !  two days earlier i had watched lillies and that was one of the best gay films i have ever seen .  so this was not the best time to watch a mediocre gay flick .   the story was silly and the acting was ok .  it was not bad enough to turn off ,  but it had some bad moments and some terrible stereotyping .  it was not very well cast either .   would i recommend this movie ?  no you would be wasting your time and money .  i don't understand why movies like these are made and who is funding them .  spend your time watching noah's arc on logo instead .  i think this is where this movie was trying to go but never got there . 
yes ,  this movie make me feel real horror ,  when i realized that i paid for it and spent more than 1 hour of my life trying to watch it .  the bald guy just give me the impression of being a psycho - junkie actor and the girl is the worst actress i ever seen  .  believe me if you appreciate your time avoid this movie ,  i understand a movie requires money to be created and some movies do not have that money but that is no justification for a stupid plot and bad acting .  i'm always supporting independent movies ,  when it deserves the support ,  but movies like this makes a bad name for this kind of movies .  i'm still traumatized .  i will not trust in any nice cover anymore . 
this movie was different in that it didn't show the typical gay stereotypes that i'm used to seeing .  but that doesn't change the fact that it totally lacks a storyline .  i'm sure that there are many gay men who are just happy to see themselves depicted on screen ,  since black gay characters are seldom seen ,  and when they are the characters are usually not fully developed .  but ,  how hard would it have been for the writer to actually script a story with a beginning ,  middle and end .  or how about a story that was focused .  there really doesn't seem to be a point to this film ,  and even though it is a low budget film ,  that is still no excuse for the lack of story or plot . 
the fact that most of the budget for this presumably went on the heavy-duty cast list shouldn't have mattered if it had been staged with flair and imagination and some sympathy for the original's satirical intent .  instead we get risibly bad song and dance sequences featuring picturesque beggars and whores ,  and the final alienation is accomplished by pulling back to reveal the action has taken place on a music-hall stage ,  appropriately enough for a production that's more lionel 'oliver' blair than brecht .  the acting talent is shamefully misused :  migenes and walters are good but don't have to try very hard :  migenes at least has a great voice and some feel for the material .  julia looks perfect as mack ,  but struggles with the character ,  straitjacketed by a fake plummy accent .  harris's peachum is embarrassingly mannered and polly is atrocious .  the adaptations of lyrics ,  script and music are often awkward :  it was a bad move to base the film on marc blitzstein's bowdlerised broadway version ,  but at least his words were singable ,  unlike most of what's been interpolated in gestures of faithfulness .  and the attempt at overcoming the low budget by filming at claustrophobic angles on mist-shrouded sets lit in garish blues and oranges as if by some bargain-basement vittorio storaro fails utterly -- the film just looks cheap ,  shoddy and thoughtlessly made .  disgraceful . 
in fact ,  marc blitzstein's off-broadway adaptation of  " threepenny "  was not so  " bowdlerised "  as is generally believed .    ( i have a special interest in  " threepenny "  ;  my dad was part of the first full production in the us ;  u of illlinois theatre guild did it around the end of ww2 .  hjitler had been so nearly successful in suppressing the play that they had to reconstruct the script and score from recordings in two different languages {neither english} ,  a german prompter's script and similar sources .  )  blitzstein's adaptation -- not a  " translation "  -- which had the full approval of lotte lenya -- was a lot closer to the original than generally believed .   the problem is that the version thereof that most people know is the mgm cast recording  ( recently available on polygram on cd )  ( which includes beatrice arthur {as lucy ,  the  " big complete girl "  ,  and can't i see her hands on hips and shoulders thrown back on that line -- bea was a major babe in the 50's} ,  paul dooley and john astin )  was heavily censored by mike curb ,  head of mgm records -- i mean ,  17  ( i think it was )   " goddamn " s got cut to just  " damn "  .    ( at one time ,  mgm also offered a 2-lp set of the *entire* play ,  doubtless as heavily censored .  ) 
about halfway through ,  i realized i didn't care about these characters in the least ;  however ,  i watched a bit more anyway .  regrettably ,  i came back the next day and finished it .  i shouldn't have bothered .   if you know *anything* about the film beforehand ,  you know that the lead character will be a plane crash survivor - and the title gives you a pretty good idea of what's gonna happen afterward - he's gonna get on the phone and call people about it !  that was almost as bad as  " snakes on a plane "   ( another bad aviation catastrophe flick )  .   i realize this is an old film ,  and the acting style in those days was much less naturalistic than today .  but even by those standards ,  the acting was embarrassing .  these weren't characters ,  they were stereotypes .  i suspect this movie was ,  more than anything ,  an attempt by bette davis to help her husband's  ( gary merrill )  career .  to no avail however - i have seen oak trees display more genuine emotion than he did .   davis' playing the happy cripple  ( i . e .  ,  a non-glamorous role )  was probably looked on as an edgy and bold career move .  it wasn't .  it was just boring .  she was a kind of tiny tim in the film ,  making trask  ( merrill's character )  see the truth about love and forgiveness  ( although she was less winsome than tiny tim )  ,  calmly dispensing wisdom about life and relationships without a hint that her beloved husband had just died .   the final scene ,  where trask calls his wife back in iowa to reconcile ,  was so affected and over-acted on both ends of the phone line ,  i almost cringed .  i had to remind myself that these people actually got paid for what they were doing in this film .   i noticed a lot of people seem to have enjoyed this movie .  if you found it uplifting  ,  that's great .  but frankly ,  i just found it bad .  there are plenty of old movies from the golden age of hollywood that were far better written and acted . 
this centers on unironic notions of coming to grips with guilt .    merrill berates the distraught boy to stop his 'whining' about rennie's death .  old-style real men in action ,  here .   the crashing model plane and car crash must have been impressive on the big screen .   the storytelling itself ,  despite the flashback sequences ,  plays it straight -- all the narrators are trusted by us  ( regardless of the 'truth' or 'untruth' of the dialogue )  ,  so there's no game with the viewer about narrative structure .  this would become a rough template for future retellings ,  such as  " fearless "  .   so all we're left with is individual performance ,  and at that level ,  it's best for wynn's bantering ,  a virtual one-man show . 
although i had some hopes for this film ,  particularly since i enjoy the acting of jason segel  ( freaks & geeks ,  undeclared )  so much ,  i must say it was one of the worst films i've seen in recent memory  ( loser and dr t and the women are also on that list )  .   yes ,  there were a couple of laugh out loud moments ,  although the movie could have been so much better .  the premise was not bad- scam artists cheating their way through college meet their match when they're discovered by someone with a proposition for them .  the problem is that the characters were all so unlikable ,  that i didn't care about any of them .  the blackmailer  ( played by talented jason schwartzman )  was such a psychopath that it wasn't that funny to watch him- he wasn't deranged in a particularly funny or charming way ,  he was just a crazy loser ,  who was actually rather dangerous and not fun to watch .  the editing of the movie was hard to follow-- it kept cutting between fantasy and reality and it was often unclear which was which .  only two or three of the gang's scams were really shown ,  you just had to take it on faith that they were indeed scam artists-- showing their schemes would have made for a better movie .  the so-called love story was absurd and unbelievable ,  in fact it was silly and poorly written and directed throughout .  i could go on about the movie's shortcomings ,  but you get the idea .  not worth the $4 rental or the gas it takes to drive to and from the movie store to rent ! 
nominated for the oscar  " worst script ever "  in my opinion .  there's no decent story ,  rediculous acting ,  very lousy humor .  by every means possible ,  if you have little self respect please don't waste your time seeing this movie .  although u can see the actors can act ,  it leaves you dumber after watching it .  precious braincells are being killed watching this crap .  .  .   i warned u  don't see this movie
 ( david h .  steinberg ) 's script seemed initially having some real smart points that could've made good romantic comedy ,  but but but ,  oh dear  !  what did ever happen in the way  ?  ?  ?  !  !  !  !    i'll tell you what happened .  originally it's  ( animal house - 1978 )  and  ( porky's - 1982 )  .  although that was long time ago ,  but those are the pioneers ,  the godfathers of the new genre  :  the crude teen comedy .  then the 1990s came .  after important instances that became smash hits  ( repulsive ones am i add )  such as  ( problem child - 1990 )  ,   ( dumb and dumber - 1994 )  ,   ( the nutty professor - 1996 )  ,  and  ( there's something about mary - 1998 )  which i think slackers is affected by ,  there was the top of the era and the prophet of the next era ,  the one and only  :   ( american pie - 1999 )  which's undoubtedly and incomparably a genre's icon .  after that i think every comedy of that kind got to be that highly filthy ,  cum laude nasty ,  to be admired by the youth otherwise it might be out of fashion  !   i believe that  ( slackers )  had a smart plot first as a script ,  then its makers got to add some real big amount of  :  rudeness ,  filthiness ,  strangely shameless sex to be made - at those days - as easy as pie  !  like they had to fill every scene with freely elements such as  :  masturbation ,  oral sex ,  urination .  .  etc just to look a la' mode .  they're wholly unnecessary elements to the story but surely they are so necessary to make the profits ,  and to catch the latest vogue in making teen comedies .  the problem is in how all of that has replaced already any possible comedy in it .   some of its moments looked literally horrible ,  and that as you see is the point .  it's all in  ( jason schwartzman ) 's looks and performance ;  memorably disgusting to the utmost .  so the ambition transformed from being that romantic comedy into making what wasn't done before of pure skinning images .  to be more like a horror where you're asking all the time ;  what nastier would happen  ?   ( vomiting ,  farting ,  .  .  etc )  ;  these are the easiest combination to create a comedy nowadays .   though even if you hated it you've got to love something  ( mostly for being bold )  ,  for me it was only gina gershon cameo's scene .  anyhow they designed it as a whole to achieve being outrages-for-outrageousness ,  like an adolescent's naughty dream .  though the majority of it was near to anybody's nightmare .   what made me sad is that this one at its core was a real potential work ,  and not another cheap ,  another stupid comedy as it eventually managed to be .  remember well the details of stealing the exam  ( the first 2 minutes )  ,  so the movie's main plot  ( weirdo trying to reach a girl by blackmailing cool guys )  through the pattern of  ( boy loves girl ,  and girl loves another boy )  because save that ,  it's nothing but a candidly schlock .  it dealt with its material the tacky way bunch of dirty college boys ,  who got nothing to do but making mawkish quip out of anything ,  would do .  it ended up as being ,  and i'm sorry to say it ,  a smiling sh*t  !   at its end it said something  ( can you imagine  !  )  about how it's the time and the place too for the impostor or the slack to win ,  totally like this comedy itself .  it sounds good ending yet for totally another better movie ;  which could assure my opinion about this one as smart one .  .  once  !  and it doesn't need much to understand that this movie's makers were the real slackers  !  maybe being stupid is a way to be smart in hollywood ,  but even if .  .  the final result here wasn't at least witty by any sense of the word .    p . s  :  its scriptwriter  ( david h .  steinberg )  ,  who wrote the story of  ( american pie 2 )  as well ,  has a main page at the imdb where you'll find under the  " additional details "  his usual  " plot keywords "  which are  :  sex / vulgarity / crude humor / .  .  .  they just forgot to write urineing while showering or baring 70 year old women  ! 
slackers is just another teen movie that's not really worth watching .  dave  ( devon sawa )  ,  sam  ( jason segel )  and jeff  ( michael c .  maronna )  are about to graduate from holden university with honors in lying ,  cheating and scheming .  the three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now ,  during final exams ,  these big-men-on-campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school .  the plot is very stupid and there's no reason why to watch this unless your looking to shut off you brain for a little while .  slackers is just a predictable teen flick that really adds nothing new to the genre .  the comedy in slackers is either hit or miss but there's no real true funny or original moment in the movie .  its really just a collection of gags and some are actually pretty funny .  though for every joke that works there's at least eight more that don't .  the screenplay is full of penis and breast jokes that some high school and college students may enjoy .  even if they do they probably won't remember this film after awhile as its not a very memorable comedy .  jason schwartzman plays the freaky ethan and after appearing in some good comedies he has stoop pretty low .  jaime king and devon sawa are the other main stars but they do a rather poor job in this film .  this is directed by dewey nicks and this is his first film so you can't blame him too much .  the funniest character was probably laura prepon though ,  she's not in the movie very much .  the film is very short at only 86 minutes long however ,  that may be too long for some people who don't really like this type of humor .  slackers isn't the worst film of 2002 but certainly is below average .  when compared to other films in the genre there's a lot better out there such as not another teen movie ,  american pie and its sequels  ,  scary movie 1 & 2 etc .  so unless you have seen most of them and you're looking for something new then slackers might fit that bill but its better if you just watch something else .  rating 4 . 3/10 a below average teen comedy that's worth skipping . 
dave  ( devon sawa )  and his friends sam  ( jason segel )  and jeff  ( michael maronna )  have scammed their way through college .  when creepy ethan  ( jason schwartzman )  discovers their secret ,  he blackmails them into helping him score with beautiful ,  good-hearted student angela  ( james king )  .   stupid and incompetent  " comedy "  - a lot more groan-inducing than laugh-inducing .  movie tries appealing to its target audience with its disgusting gags - but none of them work .  what's more ,  it's full of worthless ,  unappealing characters - and schwartzman's character is so repulsive he's a major turn-off .  movie even tries using 50's/60's sexpot/actress mamie van doren in the movie's most outrageous scene .  yuck !  !  !   further bringing it down are its utter predictability and the waste  ( yet again )  of veteran comedic actor joe flaherty's talent - when's this guy going to stop accepting every role that comes along and do something worthwhile ?   all in all ,  the only thing i liked was james  ( a . k . a .  jaime )  king ,  who was very appealing - and deserved better .   this gets no more than one out of ten from me . 
i wrote a review of this movie further down after buying it on dvd and being sorely disapointed .   i tried watching it again after reading a few of the comments made since then .  being a film student and making similar budgeted movies myself  ( ie no budget ,  shot on digi cam )  ,  i stand by my original comments .  this is a no budget student project  ( and not a particularly good one )  ,  released on video/dvd to look like an award winning film  ( if you read the cover )  .  so deceving the public into thinking it's something it's not .  i want my money back under the trades description act !  complete rubbish ! 
this movie has no plot and no focus .  yes ,  it's supposed to be a slap-stick ,  stupid comedy ,  but the screen-writers have no idea what the movie was about .  even the title doesn't go along with the movie .  it should have been called  " cool ethan "  or  " cheaters never win "  or something like that .  the characters are not developed and no one cares what happens to them !  the girl roommate character  ( from that 70's show )  was the only person worth watching .  she was hilarious and stole every scene she was in .  the others need to make sure that their own college diplomas are in the works since they'll need a career other than acting . 
this film looked promising but it was actually pretty bad .  the premise was o . k ,  but the plot itself was terrible .  the actors tried their best with limited material ,  but they could not rise above the mean spiritedness of this tacky college film .  jason schwartzman was once again immensely irritating - even more so than in rushmore ,  the rest of the cast were quite non-eventful .  scenes that should have been fun turned out to be off-putting & incredibly juvenile .  tries to be a road trip/american pie but fails dismally on all levels .  a total waste of everyone's time . 
yet another venture into the realm of the teen-gross-out-comedy ,  set on a college campus featuring a nerd's quest to coolness ,  and how he decides to blackmail a trio of popular jocks into making him get the girl .  it's all been done before ,  and it's all been done in a far more satisfying manner .  the gross-out humor that has made teen flicks like  " american pie "  and  " dude !  where's my car "  so popular is taken completely out of context in this installment ,  appearing so completely at random that the viewer can only frown and disapprove .  the film is badly written ,  and the actors never succeed in making any of it even slightly bearable .  i won't even dignify this terrible picture by divulging ,  as it's a waste of my time and yours .  at best ,  slackers never manages to entertain or induce laughter ,  and at worst it is excruciatingly bad and at times completely unwatchable .    jason schwarzman ,  who impressed in his debut rushmore ,  humiliates himself by appearing in this picture and one wonders how a career can end up in the toilet so fast .  please avoid ,  please avoid .  save your money . 
the slackers as titled in this movie are three college friends dave ,  jeff and sam ( devon sawa ,  michael maronna and jason segel respectively )  ,  who are about to graduate from university without sitting through an honest exam but making it end successfully .  this continues until the very end when unlikeable but the most likable character of the movie nathan ( schwartzman )  figures out what they are up to .  nathan starts blackmailing in order to make up with his dream girl as he cant pursue that in normal conditions .  the only problem is when the trio starts to work on it ,  dave falls in love with the gorgeous and good hearted angela ( james king )  unfortunately ,  not a brilliant genre movie .  schwartzman makes to watch the movie easy as his performance is brilliant .  king's performance is average ,  i think she was hired just to be around with her gorgeous look .  the slackers is reminiscent of american pie with a different direction .  jokes are as shallow as in american pie .  but aren't they all used ?  i think this movie is a warning to the filmmakers of the genre that they are running out of originality .  overall ,  a few smiley moments but a horrible movie in terms of acting ( except for schwartzman )  and subject .  * out of *****
this was surely the stupidest ,  crudest ,  most repulsive film i have seen in quite some time .  i was tempted to turn off the vcr ,  but ,  as in the fascination watching a horrible car accident ,  i literally found it compulsively hateable in every conceivable way and slugged it out through to the end .  i am by no means a prude who objects to the comedic portrayal of sexual antics on the screen .  animal house ,  porky's ,  there's something about mary ,  both american pie movies ,  and even the notorious freddy got fingered i have found highly enjoyable on their own crude terms .  mamie van doren's breast-baring sponge bath is the most horrifying appearance by a naked geriatric since the shining .  ineptly edited and shot ,  with incredibly annoying performances from devon sawa and jason schwartzman ,  the film ended ,  without the benefit of having made me giggle once .  the only useful purpose for the film is as a textbook example of how not to make a gross out picture .  oh ,  and it would also serve nicely as a lawn fertilizer . 
if you enjoy films like american pie ,  road trip & van wilder ;  avoid this cinematic refuse at all costs .  it is an unamusing ,  mean-spirited ,  insipid waste of resources that should never have been discussed aloud ;  much less actually recorded and sold to unsuspecting consumers .  easily the worst film i have seen in the past 18 months ;  mind-numbingly bad for the entire 86 minutes of it's runtime .  had it been much longer ,  i would not have been able to write this review without using profanity .  consider yourself warned ! 
wouldn't it be great if not another teen movie actually put an end to all of these stupid ,  pointless ,  i'm getting more sex than you are teen movies ?  in a perfect world ,  yes .  yet this one is even worse .  this one is not humiliating for the stars ,  it's humiliating for the distributor .  all of the jokes are basically college students exposing stuff that people probably have no interest in seeing ,  yet it's  " funny .  "  devon sawa ,  who was actually good in final destination ,  is just plain dull in this movie .  it makes you wonder if it's being bad on purpose .  grade :  f
what are people on here talking about ?  i must have seen a different movie than you guys .  i was so bored that i walked out of the theater .  what is up with this stuff .  i only laughed once and not even that hard .  whoever greenlit this movie should be taken out into the street and beaten .  i usually always find something i like in a movie ,  but this is crazy .   " slackers "  makes  " not another teen movie "  look like a classic .  it ranks up there with such trash as  " body shots "  ,   " con air "  ,  and  " conspiracy theory "  as one of the worst of all time .  avoid at all costs !  i thought the studio would be handing out money to people as they left the theater as a sign of their apologies ,  but to my dismay that wasn't happening .  looks like i will never see that money again or the two hours . 
well ,  i just ordered this on my pay-per-view at home because i was bored and needed a laugh .  i have to admit ,  i did chuckle a few times ,  but i don't even remember what parts they were at .  i don't understand why this movie was made .  it claims to be a comedy but seriousuly ,  i don't find a singing penis ,  or a naked 70 year old woman very funny .  this movie was trying to fit itself into the 'gross-out' comedies of recent years such as american pie and road trip ,  but it just failed miserably .  it was way to much gross-out then it was comedy .  also ,  why on earth did cameron diaz attach her name to this movie ?  !  ?  !  the only thing i liked about this movie was when dave and angela were in the pool .  i thought it was sexy and enjoyable and well-done .  besides that ,  avoid this movie .  3/10
there's a lot of movies that have set release dates ,  only to get pulled from distribution due to a legal snafu of some kind ,  and then put in limbo for a long time .  you can only wish a film as rotten as  " slackers "  remained in a coma for what it's worth ,  which is miniscule .  release dates were continually shifted around for this truly awful movie that is so much a bleep on the radar like it deserves .  the premise kicks off under the guise of ethan ,  a creepy nerd with a scary obsession for the campus bombshell angela .  ethan devilishly enlists the aid of david and his friends who have been scamming the school for their entire run with blackmail to help win angela .  i don't like to give spoilers out ,  but for a piece of crap like this i can make an exception .  angela falls for david ,  ethan intentionally screws everything up ,  the good guys win .  that's what happens in a nutshell for another tired retread of the teen gross out genre .  gross humor is funny ,  it always has been dating back to the days of the immortal classic  " animal house "  ,  to the likes of contemporaries like  " there's something about mary "  and  " road trip "  amongst dozens of others of which there are too many to mention .  but when you use it as a plot point you can only get so far ,  case in point ,  ethan has an angela doll composed of her individual strands of hair of which he does god knows what with it .  no one wants to take witness to watch ethan urinating in the shower while singing to himself .  no one wants to watch a young man singing  " she'll be coming around the mountain "  with a sock on his penis .  but nothing can prepare you for the full visual assault of seeing 50's bombshell mamie van doren bare her breasts at 71 years old .  i don't know if it's the story's lack of coherence ,  which cuts to scenes that make absolutely no sense .  director dewey nicks was a former fashion photographer ,  and after reviewing this film ,  you can only wish he'll go back to the profession .  the worst thing you can do on any film ,  is to make it look like you're having fun ,  because you detract from your objectives ,  just like  " slackers "  does ,  by burying it's plot outline under a pile of gross out gags ,  pointless vignettes ,  and lack of construction .  it's like a bunch of college students got drunk ,  took one's camcorder ,  and shot a bunch of random crap and compiled it together .  if you want to see a teen gross out comedy that's actually good ,  then i suggest  " american pie "  and  " animal house "  ,  or  " road trip "  ,  just something that's entertaining ,  and not dreadfully bad like  " slackers "  .  coincidentally cameron diaz makes a cameo in this film ,  just as she did in another bad film such as  " the sweetest thing "  where the story treats gross humor like another plot ,  instead of a device much like this disaster .  .  if you pass by  " slackers "  at your local video store ,  just keep on walking ,  and let it end up at the bottom of the shelf like it deserves . 
after buying the dvd in a bargain bin due to the impressive amount of features listed on the cover ,  i popped it in the dvd player and everything looked good .  nice animated menus and a whole lot of extra features .  .  . but when i played the movie itself ,  what a let down .  it is the worst thing i have ever seen and i have seen some bad movies in my time .  the comment that praises the movie here at imdb is actually from the people who made the film .  so don't believe it unless you like to waste your cash ! 
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .  i was deceived into thinking it might be good because a couple of my favorite actors are in it .  now i want to punch jason schwartzman in the face for taking this role .  i was physically ill after watching this film .  i really don't understand hollywood sometimes .  there are so many people trying to break in that i'm sure you can skim off the top and get the very best .  that way the worst movie you make is equivalent to ferris beullar instead of this sludge .  the gags like the hair doll and blatantly ripping off jeans commercials added to the humorlessness of the film .  glad i avoided this film and watched it on tv .  this proves that you should avoid january releases at all cost . 
it was so terrible .  it wasn't fun to watch at all .  even the scene where the girl is using a vibrator ,  even that's not fun to watch in this movie .  i say again ,  the scene where a girl is masturbating with a vibrator is not even fun to watch .  or maybe if that was the only part of the movie that you watched ,  just girl on couch using a vibrator .  maybe they should have just released that one scene in theaters ,  maybe then the movie would be enjoyable on a certain level .  my advice ,  fast forward to that point ,  watch it ,  rewind the movie ,  watch it again ,  rewind ,  repeat .  maybe you could enjoy yourself for 2 hours that way .  this movie ranks alongside i spit on your grave and doom generation in the category of worst movies that i have ever seen . 
this was the worst movie i have ever seen !  molly  ( molly hall )  could not act at all !  she had no emotion it was all blah blah blah like she was reading out of a boring text book .  the smart kid and the kid who loves food  ( there names weren't worth remembering )  were so annoying it drove me crazy . when ever the talked it was about some scientific thing or food .  mollys dad didn't show enough emotion about his daughter missing .  the police officer and mollys dad said the same thing like four times .  it was just horrible .  everything was repeated way to much .  beatrice should have had something bad happen to her for being so mean .  i just wasted a moment in my life by watching this movie ! 
one of the worst movies i've ever seen .  acting was terrible ,  both for the kids and the adults .  most to all characters showed no ,  little or not enough emotion .  the lighting was terrible ,  and there were too many mess ups about the time of the day the film was shot  ( in the river scene where they just get their boat destroyed ,  there's 4 shots ;  the sheriff and dad in the evening on their boat ,  jillian and molly in the evening swimming ,  the rest of the kids in the daytime *when it's supposed to in the evening* at the river bank ,  and the doctor ,  beatrice ,  and simonton at night but not in the evening getting off their boat .  )  the best acting in the movie was probably from the sheriff ,  cappy  ( although ,  there's a slip of character when the pulse detector *whatever that thing is when people die ,  it beeps* shows cappy has died ,  he still moves while it can still be heard beeping ,  and while the nurse extra checks his pulse manually ,  then it shows the pulse again ,  and then he finally dies .  )  i guess it's not going to be perfect ,  since it's an independent movie ,  but it still could be better .  not worth watching ,  honestly ,  even for kids .  might as well watch something good ,  like the lion king or toy story if you're going to see anything you'll remember . 
i was aware of rohmer's admiration for the late works of the ones he considered like great cineasts ,  and that normal spectators generally considered as artistic failures  ( as renoir's or chaplin's very last movies  ;  yes ,  the  " politique des auteurs "  also has its dark side )  .  but with  " les amours d'astrée et de céladon "  ,  it's as if rohmer himself wanted ,  for what may be his last movie ,  to perpetuate this tradition of great directors ,  who made a last senile movie ,  by adapting urfé's  " l'astrée "  ,  with ridiculous aesthetic codes ,  witch just look like a parody of rosselini's last movies  ( the ones he made for tv from descartes or marx's lives )  .   in his version of  " perceval "  ,  rohmer refused to film real landscapes in order to give a re-transcription of what may have been a middle age classical representation of things .  the director apparently changed his mind when the xvii century is involved ,  and films actors ,  dressed like 1600's peasants reciting their antic text surrounded by contemporary trees and landscapes .  but the all thing looks even more ridiculous than luchini and its fake trees .  it's not that the story itself is stupid ,  but the way rohmer mixes naturalism with artifices seems so childish and amateurism that it rapidly becomes involuntarily funny  ( and i'm not even talking about the irritating pronunciation of the actors ,  the annoying and sad humorist tries by rodolphe pauly ,  the ridiculous soft-erotic tone ,  the poor musical tentatives ,  or the strange fascination for trasvestisment !  )  .   the radical aesthetic of the film ultimately makes it looks like a joke ,  which mixes a soft-erotic movie made for tv with theological scholastic discussions  ( sic  !  )  .  at the beginning of the movie ,  rohmer teaches us that the original french region of the story is now disfigured by modernity ,  and that's why he had to film  " l'astrée "  in other parts of the country .  however ,  i'm sure the movie would have look more modern and interesting ,  if rohmer would have actually still filmed the same story in a modern area with same narrative codes and artistically decisions .  this film may interest a few historians ,  but most of the cinephiles may laugh at this last and sad rohmer's movie . 
canadians are too polite to boo but the audience at the toronto film festival left the theater muttering that they would rate this film 0 or 1 on their voting sheets .  the premise is that a modern filmmaker is interpreting a 17th century fable about the loves of shepherds and shepherdesses set in the distant past when druids were the spiritual leaders .  working in three epochs presents many opportunities to introduce anachronisms including silly and impractical clothing and peculiar spiritual rites that involve really bad poetry .  lovers are divided by jealousy and their rigid adherence to idiotic codes of conduct from which cross-dressing and assorted farcical situations arise .  the film could have been hilarious as a monty python piece ,  which it too closely resembles ,  but rohmer's effort falls very flat .  the audience laughed at the sight jokes but otherwise bemoaned the slow pace .  the ending comes all in a rush and is truly awful .  this is a trivial film and a waste of your movie going time . 
it's been said several times - not least by me - that watching an eric rohmer film is like watching paint dry ;  it seems that monsieur rohmer resents this  ( he doesn't deny it ,  but then how could he ,  he just resents it )  so much so that his new movie ,  which may also be his last ,  inch allah ,  is set so far back in time that it's like watching woad dry .  those wonderful people who gave you the nouvelle vague ,  cahiers du cinema have already named it one of the best films of 2007 so that should give you some idea .  reality is not high on rohmer's agenda so that in 5th century france we have at one extreme a château that would not be out of place in the loire valley whilst the only other dwelling we see is a rude wooden hut .  the story involves nymphs and shepherds and as he often does rohmer has cast it with unknowns who just happened to be passing so that the overall effect is that the annual class play at a school for special needs pupils was captured on film by accident .  one is almost tempted to say 'come back godard ,  all is forgiven' but even this woeful production can't make me utter those words . 
the movie has only one flaw ,  unfortunately this flaw damages all credibility of the piece .   it starts with the condemnation of the israeli occupation of disputed territories .  it fails to address the reason israelis are there .  egypt ,  syria ,  iraq and jordan attacked israel .  this is why israel  " occupys "  their land ,  because those countries lost it in a war they started .   the film also claims that israel has defied the u n by not complying with resolution 242 .  problem is ,  242 was rejected immediately upon it's inception by .  .  .  .  . the palestinians ,  making it void .   many films are put together well ,  and can really show footage that changes minds ,  but remember ,  when watching anything ,  believe none of what you hear ,  and only half of what you see .   all participants in this film are known critics of israel ,  and some have made many antisemitic public comments ,  removing any possible credibility to their words .   all participants are in dire need of a actual history lesson taught objectively ,  not by some palestinian sympathizer . 
a propaganda film for the palestinian  " cause "  .  if you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the israeli-palestinian conflict ,  you will need to look elsewhere .  if you are an anti-semite  ( or merely an anti-zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country ,  right ?  )  or uncritically in support of palestinian goals  ( e . g .  ,  mass murder ,  the destruction of israel )  ,  this is the documentary for you .  should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the uk and us .  however ,  any informed and intellectually honest person would be outraged at the sheer number of lies presented in this video .  i just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation aren't corrupted by this anti-semitic filth . 
seriously ,  i've read some of the reviews on this film ,  and i have to ask ,  were you people watching the same movie .   yes ,  i give the set directors a lot of credit for being able to recreate 1930 vintage los angeles ,  but so what ?    none of the characters are likable ,  the story seems aimless ,  karen black is simply not a very good actress .  donald sutherland is just icky .   ( and his character  " homer simpson "  makes me wish for the animated version .  d'oh !  )  then you had the creepy child actor ,  the creepier billy barty ,  and so on .   this is one of those films cinema buffs love and the rest of us look at each other and go ,   " what the heck !  " 
dont ever ever ever consider watching this sorry excuse for a film .  the way it is shot ,  lit ,  acted etc .  just doesn't make sense .  it's all so bad it is difficult to watch .  loads of clips are repeated beyond boredom .  there seems to be no 'normal' person in the entire film and the existence of the 'outside world' is ,  well ,  it just doesn't exist .  and why does that bald guy become invincible all of a sudden ?  this film is beyond stupidity .  zero . 
friz freleng's 'speedy gonzalez' was the second cartoon to feature the title character after robert mckimson's 'cat-tails for two' .  in that cartoon ,  speedy has been an ugly little creature with a big gold tooth but by his second appearance the famous design had already been adopted .  despite looking significantly more handsome ,  speedy never developed into much of a character .  a big hat ,  tremendous speed and a bad mexican accent do not a classic character make and that's pretty much all speedy ever had going for him .  nevertheless ,  the cocky little mouse proved enormously popular and went on to star in many shorts including some truly abysmal films from the studio's latter days .  while these early speedy shorts are better than those later atrocities in which he was frequently  ( rather oddly )  paired up with daffy duck ,  they still leave much to be desired ,  relying on predictable gags usually based around a similar chase formula .  in this self-titled episode ,  speedy is recruited by some other mice to steal cheese for them from the local factory which happens to be guarded by sylvester the cat .  although he brings the extra weight of a star turn to the cartoon ,  sylvester's role here could just as easily been filled by any other generic cartoon cat .  his personality is sapped by his being forced into the predictable .  undemanding role of pursuer .  this was always a problem in the tweety cartoons too but speedy makes an even duller adversary thanks to his detestable cockiness and the blatant impossibility of his capture .  poor old sylvester would be forced to appear alongside speedy for many years to come .  despite it following a pretty basic formula and featuring minimal laughs ,  'speedy gonzalez' won an oscar and a thoroughly undeserving star was born . 
i've seen this movie today for the first time and i never heard of it before ,  probably because of it's poor message .    first of all ,  the directing itself is quite good ,  the actors played well and the cgi  ( i'm not a fan of cgi )  is magnificent .  but that alone doesn't make a movie .  no story at all ,  no message behind beautiful exploited talents .   or do i have to make people remember ,  the art of a director is not only your vision but to know how to tell a story .  and this is what's missing the whole 7 minutes .   there for a simple 4 rating . 
okay ,  let me break it down for you guys .  .  . it's horrible !    if roger kumble did such a fancy job on the first cruel intentions then why did he do such a bad job on this .  i'm sorry but this movie is stupid ,  true it may have improved if its series was ever aired but lets be realistic .  .  . this movie a crock !  a lot of bad acting *note the shower scene*  " kissing cousins "   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  what kind of line is that ?   " slipery when wet "   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  can we say duh-m !  this movie had effort ,  i'll give you that ,  but it was too stupid !  they even tried to make it funny by giving the house servants stupid accents which actually .  .  .  . wasn't funny !  it was pathetic .  not to mention that they made everyone in the this one look absolutely nothing like the original cast .  it's as if they made them look different on purpose or something !  i like watching it when i'm really really really board which doesn't happen occasionally .  for those of you who did like it .  .  . okay ,  what were you thinking ?  could you possibly choose this movie over the other one which had great acting and the fabulous sarah michelle gellar ?  a movie is gold if it has sarah michelle gellar in it ,  duh !  but this movie doesn't ,  no offense amy adams .  oh ,  yeah since when does sebastain have a heart ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ugh ! 
i don't usually write a comment when there are so many others but this time i feel i have to .  i have spoken of taste in another review ,  saying it's all in the eye of the beholder but when it comes to this film ,  if you like it ,  it simply means you have bad taste .   i love films .  i loved  " isle of the dead "  which is pretty much an unknown b&w film .  i even liked  " scream "  and  " scary movie "  i liked these films because they have ,  if not a lot ,  at least something good about them .  i appreciate 99 . 9% of the films i've seen because they tell a story which i haven't heard before ,  and most directors only make films with a good storyline .  throughout this film i was thinking  " where is this going ?  "   ( even near the end )   " where did they get these awful actors from "  ?   " was that supposed to be a joke ?  "  and suchlike .  with the obvious twist looming i was sceptical ,  but hoped it would perhaps  " make "  the film and prove i hadn't wasted my time .  i was sadly mistaken .  the storyline was bad to begin with and the twist actually ruined any glimmer of hope there was .  here's a rundown :  storyline  much like the first film ,  which was alright ,  this one is slow and sparse with no audience relation to the characters or the situations .  the situations are cringeworthy and shallow and completely boring and predictable .  the twist was terrible ,  it didn't make me feel a thing ,  like excitement or wow .  just  " my god .  "  there was nothing in the bulk of the film that you could look back to and think  " oooo wasn't that clever "  because it wasn't .  in  " fight club "  there are flashbacks at the end showing bits where tyler's true identity was cryptically shown ,  and when you watched it again you saw more ,  it really was a work of genius ,  how it was written ,  laid out and directed .  this was a meaningless attempt at an awesome twist .  i think it was  " wild things "  that had like a pretty poor double twist and i still liked the film because the rest was ok and it wasn't trying too hard to be a big twist .  its like the ci2 writer thought it was gonna be the best twist ever .  but really ,  its just a bad story with a bad twist dumped on the end .  the film ended almost immediately afterward ,  with the whole film void by sebastian's whole story build up meaning nothing and a horrible half forced ,  paedophilic ending with a particularly young and innocent acting girl .  acting  the actors in this film are appalling .  almost as bad a  " sunset beach .  "  - extremely corny and badly performed .  it's not even so bad it's good like  " hunk "  .  the worst acting i thought came from amy adams who played kathryn ,  it was a rigid ,  pathetic and badly thought out performance by her .  robin dunne was also poor .  i haven't seen  " american psycho ii "  yet ,  but no doubt his laid back  " cool "  style has ruined that film also .   i can't even say it is a good film for teens ,  as its not .  if my son or daughter liked this film i'd be ashamed .  but they wouldn't anyway ,  as they would take into consideration all the things that make a good film ,  which this film has none of .  really .  i'm disappointed that some have said  " you might not be in the age bracket for this film ,  and so dislike it "  i like all the films now that i liked as a teen and had very good taste .  also ,  do you really think that when you reach 20+ you suddenly don't like any teenish story lines ?  no .  i liked  " mean girls "  and other generic teen films ,  and watch  " beverly hills 90210 "  all the time .  there's no excuse for poor directing ,  acting and screenplay i'm afraid .  besides ,  i was 16/17 when i first watched it .  if anything ,  being older just makes you a better judge of a terrible film .  i can't believe anyone can give it 10/10 either ,  one of my favourite films is  " memento "  and i gave it 9 as i know there can be better .  it is a shame for this site that people do that ,  give 10s flippantly ,  or don't get the films/show ,  and so give it 2 .   anyone who liked this film really should vary their taste ,  and perhaps their lives ,  and with this realise that this is the worst film ever made .   ( worse than  " loch ness "  )   if you aren't a teenager with bad taste ,  or simply don't have bad taste you will absolutely hate this film . 
i think this is probably one of the worst movies i've watched in a long time .   trying to get the 'same characters' with different people is *such* a bad idea .  if they couldn't get sara michelle g .  and ryan p .  in this one ,  they should have just cut their losses and said to heck with it .  instead they get new actors that are horrible at what they did .  i seriously felt like i was at a high school or  ( bad )  college play with the lever of acting these people put forth .   where do they get some of these people ?  was this their first movie ?  it sure seemed like it .   this movie also parallels the original in a few lines of speech .  i had just got done watching the first one and popped #2 in .  i was all excited to get to watch the second one and it ended up being the worst show i've seen in a while .  i don't hardly ever *ever* turn off a movie ,  but this one definitely went off after about 30 - 40 min . 
who actually created this piece of crap this is the worst movie i have ever seen in my life it is such a waste of time and money .  i hate it how they create low budget sequels featuring d-lister actors and a storyline so similar to the 1st one .   i found this movie in the bargain bin sitting right next to wild things 2 and death to the supermodels for $2 . 99 what a fool i was to actually think that this could be good instead i watched in disgust as poor acting stereotypes ripped of the storyline and script from the 1st one .   whoever thought that this straight-to-video production was actually even a half decent film you must be on crackd or something because i think what pretty much most of the people who've seen this film thinks what a load of crap !  !  !  ! 
there is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video .  of course it really wouldn't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video .  this one is not an exception although the film has good actors or at least actors with potential :  amy adams  ( am oscar nominee and talented actress )  ,  robin dunne who deserves better or at least a better agent ,  and sarah thompson who deserves roles that are a departure from teen melodramas .  the film is also misstated :  this film takes place before cruel intentions so therefore this film is actually a prequel and rather stupid one at that .  this was a waste and its really a film that is in the same level as soft core porn and pay-per-view masturbation films .  fortunately for the actors ,  hopefully they will be able to erase this from their resumes .  so if you are looking to see something naughty ,  but don't have the courage to buy porn then rent this film as a starter . 
this review also contains a spoiler of the first movie -- so if you haven't seen either movie and want to but don't want the spoilers ,  please don't read this review !   while this movie is supposed to be about christian and kathryn meeting for the first time ,  the movie is a poor copy of the first cruel intentions .  the actors that they had portray ryan phillippe's christian and sarah michelle gellar's kathryn are very poor substitutes indeed .  neither can pull off the smarmy ,  snooty rich-kid attitude that the original actors did .  it's absolutely appalling that some of the dialog was verbatim -- not so much between christian and kathryn ,  but if you listen closely enough you'll recognize it .  there are also inconsistencies in the plot - if this were truly the first meeting of christian and kathryn ,  then why is it that christian fell in love with a girl at the end of the movie ?  he supposedly was supposed to be in love for the first time in the original movie  ( with reese witherspoon's character )  .   also ,  the tie-in with the photography/ " you could be a model "  comment at the end was totally lame and didn't add anything at all .  overall ,  this movie was a waste of time .  i can't believe they made a cruel intentions 3 . 
christ ,  oh christ .  .  .  one watches stunned ,  incredulous ,  and possibly deranged ,  as this tawdry exercise in mirthless smut unfolds with all the wit and dexterity of a palsied galapagos tortoise .  can such things be ?  does this movie actually exist ,  or was i the unwitting guinea pig of some shadowy international drugs company ,  sipping my coffee unaware that it had been spiked with a dangerous hallucinogen ?  i've seen a lot of films ,  and a lot of bad films ,  but nothing prepared me for this ;  by the end of it i was a gibbering ,  snivelling wreck ,  tearing at the carpet with my teeth like a dog ,  clawing at the walls ,  howling till my lungs were sore .  i pleaded desperately ,  frenziedly for mercy  ( to whom this appeal was made ,  i don't know )  ,  and longed with burning desire for the soothing balm of ozu yasujiro .  sweet weeping jesus ,  the memories .  .  .  sometimes they come back to me .  when i'm at my most vulnerable ,  when i'm least able to handle them .  i shudder ,  i break down in tears ,  i bite my fingernails till my hands are slathered with blood ,  but i can't quite banish the awful flashbacks from my mind .  i'm haunted .  i'm damaged .  i'm a shell of a man .   the other user comments here suggest that i am not alone in having undergone this terrifying experience ,  which can only mean one of two things :  a )  the film does ,  in fact ,  exist ,  or b )  i am but one victim among legions of an international conspiracy of truly sinister proportions .  what is quite mind-boggling is that some people seem to have enjoyed their ordeal ,  or at least have not been left traumatised by it .  perhaps they're part of the operation .  god damn them ,  the maniacs !  god damn them all to hell !  !  !  !  !  ! 
this movie was like  " the disney channel after dark .  "  take out the  " aren't we naughty "  language and themes and you are left with dialogue and plot devices that insult the intelligence of anyone who doesn't describe  " saved by the bell "  as quality television .  the dialogue so laughably cliched and knowingly dirty ,  one might think the screenplay was the product of locking aaron spelling and joe eszterhas in a room with orders to produce an amalgam of every bad script each had ever had a hand in creating .  if that was roger kumble's intention ,  mission accomplished . 
i was willing to go with the original _cruel intentions . _ it went along with the plot and stayed true to the characters of one of my favorite stories .  however ,  this movie was ,  in my opinion ,  a crummy rehash with essentially the same story line and no clear character choices .  i didn't honestly care what happened to any of them .  the strongest part of the original story  ( les liasons ,  not ci )  is the characters and their interactions ,  not the events themselves .  i wasn't clear until i read the imdb that this movie was meant to be a prequel ,  especially since the title includes a number  " 2 ,  "  i expected a sequel ,  but then determined that it must be a companion piece .  over all ,  i must say that this movie read ,  to me at least ,  like a soft porn version of les liasons .  i was not impressed . 
alright normally i am not as harsh on sequels especially if the first film is done well and was ultimately a good movie .  as for 1999 i feel that one of the top five films was cruel intentions .  it had everything a great movie should have except for an original story ,  being adapted from a novel it was still damn good .  on to cruel intentions 2 which was supposed to actually just be the opener for a series based on the film called manchester prep .  which must not have happened .  actually after seeing this trifle of a film i can understand .  before the thing started i was like at least the writer and director roger kumble did this one also .  well 1 minute into this movie i was disappointed .  it starts off with a rehash of the opening of the original with a different twist sebastian instead of putting the shrinks daughter's naked picture on the net he puts the schools principals wife in the school directory naked .  this would have been alright if the lady was not like 50 .  and basically the rest of the movie is a wannabe carbon copy of the original .  which i understand the if there is nothing wrong with it leave it the way it was .  but you can not do that with a movie .  this actually being a prequel i gave it a chance just to see how they turned out like they did in part 1 .  but with sebastian being more or less just a prankster and kathryn being a herself and turning sebastian into the sexual predator he was in the real story ,  this movie had no foundation to it .  whoever did the casting on this thing was way off .  they could have at least tried to get people who looked like the original cast but no ,  they just hired a bunch of not even really good looking actors .  i am using this term although i dont know why .  they for sure didnt do any in this movie .   all this movie is a bunch of one liners that dont even match the wit that the original had ,  well some of them did but that was just because they were from part 1 .  another bad point was in part one you could understand the need for them to act out for attention because there was no involvement from teir parents this one had them in it and they were poorly used ,  as if to show why the kids are like this .  it didnt work though .  the best thing though about the original was that the cast had chemistry they took you into this world .  the on screen tension that was there made the film what it was .  this thing really ruins the experience of the first one stay way from this . 
  when i first started watching this movie last night on cinemax ,  i was shocked that it had been made .  cruel intentions ,  in my opinion ,  was one of the best teen-oriented films made in years .  this prequel had certain things incongruent with the original .   ( sebastian's father married into wealth ,  then why does he have a rich aunt on long island ?  )   then i found out today that it was not really intended to be a new movie ,  but rather a television series ,  manchester prep .  after hearing that ,  it made sense to me that it wasn't the same as the movie ,  just as buffy the vampire slayer is different in tv form .    i think that roger kumble most likely added the ending that this movie had ,  after the series wasn't picked up by fox .  it just seems like something that would happen too fast  ( sebastian becoming the male version of katharyn )  and i just don't know where they would go with the next episode ,  since it wouldn't be leading to the 1999 film  ( which the newer ending is directed right towards .  )   one thing i didn't like was that it suggested sebastian and his father had married into the wealth ,  which isn't typically looked good upon in this area of new york ,  and sine katharyn's mother was just an adult version of her ,  it didn't seem like something a woman in her position would do ,  marry a man not of her social class .    as a prequel this is fairly lame .  but i would have been interested to see where this had gone as a series . 
the story line was very straight forward and easy to follow and contained a lot of no-brainer comedy to a point where it just got boring .  some of the audience seemed to find it funny but i like more intelligent humor .   there were several known swedish actors in the movie and their performance were decent considering the script .  lena endre was good looking as always .   i don't remember the original movie so i can't say if it's better or worse .   if you enjoy movies like sällskapsresan this movie might be worth taking a look at . 
what can i say about cruel intentions 2 ?  well ,  i can say in all honesty ,  i will only watch this film again if i am fastened to a chair and have my eyes opened clockwork-orange-style .   the film 'stars' robin dunne  ( no ,  i never heard of him either )  ,  whose awful impression of ryan phillipe made me cringe throughout .  in a case of terrible casting ,  dunne attempts  ( and fails )  to carry off playing a handsome charismatic ,  charmer .  since the actor is not handsome ,  nor charismatic nor charming ,  the character is left wholly unbelievable .  amy adams ,   ( she was in an episode of buffy one time )  ,  tries to pick up where sarah michelle gellar left off and bring scheming katherine to life .  .  .  however ,  adams is not that good a an actress and her performance was flat and lacking in any real emotion ,  often she looked like she was reading cue cards just off camera .  there were two good actors in the film however ,  barry flatman  ( saw 2 & saw 3 )  and mimi rogers  ( mrs kensington in austion powers )  ,  made very good and entertaining performances as the parents of sebastian and katherine and are the only reason why i rated the film as a 2 ,  not a 1 .   the film itself is a poor version of the original ,  with such lows as carbon copy's of dialogue and mimicked scenes which lacked the originality of the previous film .   i think that as a tv show ,  it might have worked ,  but if it had been recasted with people who could actually act in the main parts . 
from the very opening scene you will notice just how hard they tried to mimic the very smart and powerful 'cruel intentions' ,  and how flat it landed .  you'll also notice what a terrible choice they made by casting robin dunne as valmont .  .  .  then in the second scene ,  you meet the two best things in this movie ,  amy adams and mimi rogers as kathryn and her mother .  that is ,  if you can get past the fact that kathryn wasn't blonde in the first film .  .  .  then the movie goes on ,  you see the cheap romantic story from miles ago ,  and you notice sebastian has already met an anette in the past ,  here called danielle ,  and a cecile ,  here called cherie .  .  .  how original is that for a prequel .  then it turns into a low budget 'wild things' type of film with lots and lots of oh-my  " twists "  .  as i mentioned ,  robin dunne was a very bad choice .  not that he is a bad actor ,  he's good .  .  he just doesn't have the charisma ryan did .  amy adams ,  who is in my opinion one of the most talented young actresses of our time ,  once again delivers .  but with all the talent in the world ,  there is no way one could save this trash .  as a whole ,  this  " movie "  feels like a 'beverly hills ,  90210' episode .  the score has been stolen from 'cruel intentions' and 'jawbreaker' .  .  .  yes ,  they used the score from jawbreaker .  .  .  couldn't they at least leave that one alone ?  !  you'll want to pass this one .  if you want more cruel intentions ,  watch stephen frears' dangerous liaisons . 
i was mad anyone made this movie .  i was even more angry i lost valuable minutes of my life sitting still to watch this .  i could have had a wax job and been more entertained .  at least cherri makes me laugh before it hurts .  i was a bit confused at first but then i caught on and realized what was going on .  by this time the film was half way through ,  and yes i am a procrastinator but i always want to see things through until the end .  so i stuck it out i watched it all .  not only are the actors not as attractive as in cruel intentions ,  they just aren't convincing .  i've seen my nephew cry for attention more convincingly than the supposed lust portrayed on screen in this movie .  if you like bad movies with bad acting watch this . 
this so-called prequel is just a badly made remake to to a better version of dangerous liasons .  the plots are identical as is most of the script .  i loved the book its based off of ,  and i loved the first movie ,  but i'm not even going to bother with the 3rd movie .  the pointless banter between the two main characters in the prequel was completely predictable and unoriginal ,  and .  .  . i just can't stress how bad the movie was .  if you don't want to take my word for it ,  just watch it ,  and you'll see what i mean .  if you've read a review that says that 'if you likes the first one ,  you'll like the second one' the only reason that is is because it is the exact same movie !  although the plot is not even as good .  they took so many lines from the first movie ,  its hard to tell which movie you're watching . 
the first cruel intentions ,  the original ,  is my favorite movie of all time .  it was an absolute masterpiece .  so how on earth could they make a sequel so downright bad .  sarah michelle gellar was perfect in the first movie .  in this one ,  amy adams sucks .  she is terrible .  and couldn't they have found a chick who actually looked like sarah michelle gellar ?  at least the same hair color !  !  !  i mean come on .  robin dunn isn't as bad as adams ,  but he is absolutely terrible when compared to ryan phillipe .  the sebastian in the first film is devious ,  deceitful ,  and much more evil than the sebastian in the prequel .  and what is up with the story line .  it basically goes like this .  .  .   1- sebastian has a bad rep at his first school ,  so the movie says ,  although it mentions nothing about him and his dating life ,  and how he has been with girls 2- sebastian moves to new york ,  and just suddenly decides he's going to turn himself around .  he  " falls in love "  with danielle  ( might i remind you that in the original ,  sarah michelle giller says quote  " you broke up with the first person you ever loved because i said to- so how can he have been in love in the prequel ?  ?  ?  )  .  and he's all nice and charming ,  and all  " good person "  ,  as he turns down sex from the chick his dad was doing .   3- he does a complete 180 ,  and ends up in a threesome at the end of the movie ,  and then seducing cherry .   i mean ,  its terrible .  and i loved the first one so much .  i haven't even seen the third one yet .  i hope to god its better than this prequel . 
i watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning ,  a time in the day where i am usually very open when it comes to movies .  but still i think it wasn't good ,  this movie wasn't good at all .  the reasons why are many .   the acting isn't all that good ,  and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90's chevy chase comedy .  i mean ,  come on ,  like the handcuff situation ,  and the poker situation amongst the servants .  .  .  this movie was so obviously based very much on the first one ,  and thats ok .  but if i hadn't seen the first one before seeing this ,  it would have sucked even worse .  like the ending ,  it came very suddenly ,  and i felt like i got no closure what so ever .  .  .  sebastian changed very suddenly ,  and this this movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1 ,  and like no time or effort was used on making anything else good .  the score is the same as in the first one ,  and it didn't feel like a movie at all .  .  .   they should have handled the situations with more style and class ,  but they didn't ,  and therefore ,  this movie turned out bad .  .  . 
cruel intentions 2 is bloody awful ,  i mean uber-bad .  words can not explain how bad it is ,  but i'll give it a go anyway .   the plot of cruel intentions 2 is very similar to the first film .  sebastian  ( robin dunne )  ,  is kicked out of a private school and is forced to move to new york .  there he decides to make a fresh start and just a life a normal life and settle down .  unfortunately he has to deal with his step-sister kathryn  ( amy adams )  wants to drag him down .  sebastain starts to fall in love danielle  ( sarah thompson )  ,  the innocent daughter of the headmaster of the school .  kathryn wants sebastain to just sleep around with the whole school which had been describe as a 'whore-house' .  kathryn also wants to get revenge with cherie  ( keri lynn pratt )  ,  who humiliated her during the school assembly .  kathryn wanted to make the freshman into the biggest slut in the school ,  a similar sub-plot to the first film .   cruel intentions 2 is basically a cancelled tv-show ,  which was turned into a prequel .  there are so many problems with the film .  it is poorly written ,  unfunny ,  and badly acted .  luckily for amy adams that the show never took off because now she is a fairly big actress .  whilst cruel intentions had a sense of realism and can been seen to be set in the real world ,  cruel intentions 2 is set in sitcom land and as described on amazon . co . uk 'a randy version of saved by the bell' .  there were some dark themes involving sex and drug use in the first film ,  but in cruel intentions 2 tried to make it funny and some of the ideas in the film shouldn't be ,  such as kathryn having an affair with a teacher .  other ideas also don't work such as the secret society where all the popular kids meet to discuss the downfall of other students .  the film also had a major problem of sexualised 15/16-years-old .  i know that teenagers do have sex ,  sometimes a lot ,  but when done on film or television ,  is treated very seriously .  one famous sense was when daneille encourages cherie  ( who is around 14/15 in the film )  to simulate sex on the back of a horse to the point where she has a orgasm .  the idea of turning a girl around 14/15 into a slut is just very wrong with me ,  and shouldn't be made into a subject of comedy .  the jokes in the film fall flat ,  whether if it's a verbal gag like 'she goes all moist when she sees you' to a visual gag where sebastian pushes kathryn face first into mud .   there is a lot wrong with this film ,  which i don't have time to go into ,  but i say it should be avoid .  just watch cruel intentions ,  whilst not a classic ,  still is a decent film and treats the subject matter well .   this film is just a pervert's wet dream ,  having school-kids having lots of sex with each other . 
this must be one of the worst swedish movies ever made .    it is embarrassing that such a bad script was allowed to become a movie and shown in cinemas as recently as year 2006 .   i've never seen so many visible sponsored products in one and the same movie .  it shouldn't be that obvious .    i can't understand why so many known actors even thought the idea to even be visible in a movie like this .  if i had any respect for some of the known actors in this movie before i saw the movie ,  it is gone for sure now .    i've heard that there will be a follow up movie to this one and i can't understand how that is even possible . 
basically ,  cruel intentions 2 is cruel intentions 1 ,  again ,  only poorly done .  the story is exactly the same as the first one  ( even some of the lines )  ,  with only a few exceptions .  the cast is more unknown ,  and definitely less talented .  instead of being seductive and drawing me into watching it ,  i ended up feeling dirty because it compares to watching a soft-core porn .  i'm not sure whether to blame some of the idiotic lines on the actors or the writers .  .  . and i always feel bad saying that ,  because i know how hard it is to do both .  .  . but it was basically a two-hour waste of my life .  it literally amazes me that some movies get made ,  and this is no exception .  .  . i can't believe they'd make a third one . 
they had such potential for this movie and they completely fall flat .  in the first cruel intentions ,  we are left wondering what motivated the lead characters to become the way they are and act the way they do .  there is almost no character development whatsoever in this prequel .  it's actually a very sad story but this film did nothing for me .  it was as if they left out good writing in place of unneeded f-words .  and the end makes absolutely no sense and doesn't explain anything .  the writing was just terrible .  another thing that bothered me was that they used at lease 3 of the exact same lines that were in the original .  such as  " down boy "  ,  or the kissing scene ,  and a few others i can't remember .  i was not impressed at all by robin's acting ,  but amy did a great job .  that's about the only thing that reconciled this movie . 
because 'cruel' would be the only word in existence to describe the intentions of these film makers .  where do you even begin ?  in a spout of b*tchiness ,  i'm going to start with the awful acting of nearly everybody in this movie .  scratch that .  nearly does not belong in that sentence .  i can't think of even one character who was portrayed well .  although ,  in all fairness ,  it would be nearly impossible to portray these zero dimensional characters in a successful way .  still ,  the girl who played katherine  ( whose name i purposefully don't include - i'm pretending she doesn't exist )  remains one of the worst actors i've ever seen ,  only eclipsed by the guy who played sebastian .  the story was god awful .  it attempted to mirror the brilliance that was the first one but failed in so many ways .  pretty much every part of it was pointless - though i will admit  ( grudgingly )  that the plot twist was quite good it its surprise .  and the ending was at least slightly humorous .  but this film is up there with the worst i've seen .  don't watch it .  just don't .  there is absolutely no value in watching it .  none .  it only takes away the enjoyment of the first . 
if you ask me the first one was really better one .  look at sarah m .  g .  ,  she is real ,  mean ,  cruel girl ,  look at amy adams she is just little fool hanging around .  she is nothing !  people don't adore her !  second ,  sebastian was cute and hot in first movie ,  now he is  " baby face "  .  story is not that good ,  and i do not understand .  why didn't they make this one first ,  it is the beginning .  loosy actors ,  nothing with story .  this is not cruel ,  this is playing .  first one has better actors ,  better story ,  and its mean .  i think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3 .  it is not the worst movie i saw ,  but in compaer with first one its one big ,  big ,  big nothing . 
there isn't one decent scene .   amy adams gives one of the worst performances of all time .  proof that you a can start anywhere .  the guy playing sebastian sucks ,  too .  he doesn't even look much like ryan phillipe .  more like joshua jackson .  the two other girls are terrible ,  as well .    then the dialogue is also crap .   sebastian  ( about to have threesome )  :  if you cant beat them .  .  .    virgin girl :  who says you can't beat 'em ?   lame .   the ending contradicts the entire plot of the original .  in the first film ,  it is clearly stated that kathryn and sebastian never had sex .  one of the reasons sebastian wanted kathryn so bad ,  aside from the fact that she's played by sarah michelle gellar ,  was that she was  " the only girl he couldn't have and it killed him "  .  she was a tease who liked playing with him .  the fact that she never gave it to him increased his wanting .  then in this p . o . s .  ,  it implies that he can have her ,  along with a girl on the side .  what ?  and we don't even see the sex ,  either .  it's implied ,  making it not only stupid ,  pointless ,  and contradictory ,  but worthless too .   and in the first one ,  kathryn rejects sebastian because he fell in love ,  making him a loser .  even though he won the bet ,  that crumbled his chances .  then in this excrement ,  he looses and falls in love .  so she doesn't screw  " losers "  ,  only complete losers ?  another thing :  it's stated that sebastian has never been in love ,  so what do you call the thing with virgin girl ?   then at the end ,  virgin girl is all of sudden revealed to be kathryn's evil lesbian lover  ( dun dun dun )  and ,  like i said ,  they go into a lame offscreen threesome .  stupid .    there's several other plot contradictions .  did the writer even see the first film ?  a 5 year old can point his stuff out .   after the threesome ,  sebastian has sex with the blonde virgin ,  corrupting her innocent mind in the back of a limo while kathryn and virgin girl turned evil lesbian in lame sudden plot twist sit in the front ,  listen ,  and smile evilly into the camera .    the end .  .  .    seeing sebastian become the ass hole he was in the first one could have made an interesting film .  i guess all it took to make little sebastian bad was a threesome with two hot girls .  interesting . 
 .  .  .  or maybe it just is this bad .  the plot is a cheap rehash of the first ,  which is weird ,  since it's supposed to be a prequel ,  not a sequel .  pretty much the entire movie seems like a cheap remake of the first ,  with scenes mimicking the things that happened in the first ,  only a lot more ridiculous and unlikely .  where the first had a great cast ,  this one consist of b-list actors and rejects .  the acting is mostly horrendously bad .  half of the good lines in the movie are taken directly from the first ,  as is nearly every major character ,  including the ones who weren't in the first movie .  i realize this was made up by a tv series pilot episode ,  but that's no excuse .  they didn't have to turn the  ( bad )  footage into a movie .  only one thing is marginally good ,  and that's the erotic sequences .  however ,  as these are nowhere near as good as the ones in the first ,  even this isn't raising it above a rating of 1 .  if you have a chance to see it for free ,  and you're a straight guy ,  it could be worth checking out ,  if you want something erotic that isn't porn .  if not ,  avoid at all costs .  1/10
this is ,  quite literally ,  the worst movie i have ever watched in my life .  it may be the worst movie possible .  some movies are so bad that they're good ;  this movie is so bad that it goes past enjoyable camp and simply becomes unwatchably awful .  it is the anti-enantiodromia .  we bought it with the intent to heckle ,  and all of my family gathered around for a fun evening of clever remarks ;  instead ,  we sat in stunned silence ,  pitying poor peter sellers .   this is worse than the animated lord of the rings .  it is worse than the matrix sequels .  it is worse than krull .  it is worse than any batman movie .   do not ,  under any circumstances ,  let this movie approach within ten feet of your television . 
i actually saw this movie in the theater back in it's original release .  it was painful to watch peter sellers embarrass himself so badly .  the story was incredibly lame and difficult to follow ,  and the ending was ridiculous .  it was just sad to see how the mighty had fallen .  i won't say that i'm a huge peter sellers fan ,  but i did thoroughly enjoy the pink panther series and i felt that he gave a strong performance in being there .  but this film should never have been made .  from what i've read ,  he pursued producing this film against the advice of the people around him .  fine ,  but that still doesn't excuse the studio actually releasing the film . 
i rented this movie about 3 years ago ,  and it still stands out in my mind as the worst movie ever made .  i don't think i ever finished it .  it is worse than a home video made by a high school student .  i remember them doing a flashback to 1970 something and in the flashback there was a man with a polo shirt ,  oakley sunglasses and a newer suv ,  like a toyota rav-4 or something  ( i don't remember )  .  i don't understand how they could have possibly said that to be in the 70s .  he might have had a cell phone too ,  i cant remember ,  it was just horrible .  i returned it to the video store and asked them why they even carry the movie and if i could get the hour of my life back .  to this day it is the worst movie i have ever seen ,  and i have seen some pretty bad ones . 
the fiendish plot of dr .  fu manchu  ( 1980 )  .  this is hands down the worst film i've ever seen .  what a sad way for a great comedian to go out . 
this is not an all-around terrible comedy ,  but it is very dull .  it has barely any laughs ,  and it wastes its lavish production values .  there is one poignant moment near the end ,  when fu manchu offers a dose of his elixir to his  " nemesis "  and tells him that  " you've been my one worthy adversary ;  and now we can start all over again "  .  that scene ,  however ,  along with burt kwouk's amusing cameo in the beginning ,  are the only memorable parts of the movie .   ( *1/2 ) 
an unfunny ,  unworthy picture which is an undeserving end to peter sellers' career .  it is a pity this movie was ever made . 
i don't have much to say about this movie .  it could have been a wonderful tour-de-force for peter sellers ,  but it is one of the most tragic misfires in movie history .  that it was sellers final movie makes it all the more painful .   the terrible screenplay ,  direction and shockingly wooden performances all come dreadfully together to make this one of the most unwatchably awful movies ever made .   i wish so much that i could find even a snicker or a chuckle buried somewhere in this pile of putrid blubber ,  but it's a lifeless ,  humorless disaster .  the truth hurts .   peter ,  why couldn't you have stopped at being there ? 
 .  .  . for one of the worst swedish movies ever .  .  . forgive me for being dull .   first of all i haven't seen the first one  ( i was bored that's my reason for watching the 2nd before the 1st one )  ,  well i hope the first one is better than this ,  it was filled with weird cut scenes and very strange plot changes ,  for the people that have seen this and think 4/10 is high  ( belive me so do i )  ,  but it made me laugh a few times ,  because it was so bizarre so bad and i still laugh thinking of the punk that came up with this idea ,  what's next  " det sjunde inseglet ii "  .  sequels not based on novel or book doesn't turning out great to often ,  and this is a perfect example of one .   ok i'm gonna be honest with you :  i did laugh a bit ,  it got a few decent jokes in it and slapstick humor .  but don't buy it ,  rent it .  just let some other idiot do it or download it .   4/10 this movie will be remembered and the director is probably laughed out already .  .  . 
this may not be the very worst movie peter sellers ever did  ( i think that laurel goes to  " the prisoner of zenda "  )  but it is surely the most depressing .  sellers ,  especially sans makeup as nayland smith ,  looks like he has just undergone chemotherapy .  as fu manchu ,  he looks hardly better and spends most of the film  ( with the exception of those strangely disturbing scenes where he gets jolted with electrical currents )  on the verge of collapsing under the weight of all that makeup .  the supporting players also look tired and run down ,  and sid caeser's presence is offensive even without his constant references to  " chinks !  "   ( one bright spot :  this would be one of the last times a major motion picture would portray asians so insultingly  .  .  .  or ,  for that matter ,  star a non-asian as one !  )  .  the film seems surprisingly cheap ,  with soupy photography and drab sets - even the whiz-bang elvis number at the end looks cut-rate .  only the stunning helen mirren and the tall ,  thin ,  nervous guy who get his pants wet add any sparks of life to this sad affair .  all in all ,  this film provides an eerie premonition of a great comic's death ,  and an even eerier documentation of his dying . 
it's one of the funny things about being young that one can be fooled easily by advertising .  i have spoken before on another film , in which the commercial for the  ( comedy )  film makes it seem funnier than it is .  seeing the ad for this in 1981 made me think this was going to be a wildly funny film .  what i and my brother who went and saw it with me didn't know is that the scene used in the tv ad was the very last scene in the film !    since this scene is the end result of all that came before in the film , i can only guess that there was nothing else funny to use !  the last scene is , thanks to a youth potion , dr .  fu manchu turns from a long bearded old man , into a bright young asian/elvis like rock star !   ( with back up singers no less !  )    set for no real reason , in the 1930's , peter sellers does his best with the material at hand but he's not given any really good reason for his  " comedic "  moments .  the rest of the actors were just plain dull and my brother and i sat all through this barely laughing at anything .  it was only natural that we were expecting a  " pink panther "  type comedy , peter sellers was so great at that .    it's a pitiful shame this was his last film before he died .  his appearance on the muppet show was more entertaining than this ill-conceived flop .  still , i don't fault him .  i fault everyone else involved for not trying to make a better film of this .  2 stars is being generous !  ! 
 .  .  .  . shut it off .  the prologue with fu manchu's birthday ,  and the opening credits of the assassins training ,  is amusing .  then it drops off faster than hair sprayed with neat .  look for a cameo by cato in the beginning ,  with a figurative wink at the audience . 
ok so here's the basic plot .  it is 1933 ,  peter sellers is dr fu manchu ,  a 168 year old chinese man who has lived quite a long time .  the film opens with his birthday in which he celebrates by drinking a special elixir that  ( even the film never mentions )  prolongs his life .  well on this occasion the elixir is clumsily dropped by an assistant  ( kato if you remember the pink panther movies )  and he orders his minions to then go find 6 rare items to make the elixir .  this creates a global man hunt in which his henchmen end up robbing museums of diamonds and venturing into london ,  to meet up with dr fu's nemisis ,  a retired scotland yard detective nayland smith ,  also played by sellers who tries to stop him in what is suppose to be a witty comedic adventure .   this was apparantly sellers last full length feature film that he made before he died .  the terrible tragedy is that he was in it .  sellers who is such a gifted comedian and has had memorable 'funny' roles in the panther movies and particualrly in the movie 'the party' ,  is anything but that in this film .  this film was absolute torture to sit through and i couldn't even finish it .  he completly dies and i kept cringing while watching sellers performance .  after coming of the great work of 'being there' a year earlier how ,  i mean how can he make this and how did this thing even get made ?  ?  ?  like one person mentioned the first 10 .  . 15 minutes are ok but then it is all downhill .  .  .   avoid like the plague .   rating 1 out of 10 . 
even if one didn't realize that sellers was in poor health at the time of filming and passed away before the film's release ,  the fiendish plot of dr .  fu manchu would be painful viewing .  it is supposedly a lampoon of sax rohmer's famous oriental villain but it lacks any focus .  the potential for satirical commentary on the anti-oriental overtones of rohmer's concept are ignored .  indeed ,  the movie employs racist insults .  there are hardly any actual jokes or gags ,  just mostly actors behaving idiotically and spouting dreary lines .  it is especially distressing to see sid caesar forced to spout curses and racial slurs for attempted laughs .  most of the other actors embarrass themselves as well .   and then there's peter sellers .  he plays the dual roles of the sinister fu manchu ,  who is trying to concoct a formula to regain his youth and his stalwart british foe nayland smith .  sellers isn't one hundred per cent bad ;  he conveys a quirky warmth as smith when he discusses his fetishistic attachment to his lawn mower and he's oddly moving as manchu when he expresses his love for english music hall entertainment .  but most of the time ,  he plays both roles with a weary grimness ,  thus further sabotaging any comical possibilities .  sellers' routines where he revitalizes his fading strength with electric shocks are particularly excruciating ;  he seems too convincingly agonized to be funny .    a few genuinely witty lines ,  an apt slapstick bit by burt kwouk  ( cato in the pink panther films )  as one of manchu's minions ,  and helen mirren's amusing musical numbers cannot salvage this mess .  if anyone wants to understand why peter sellers is considered a comedic genius ,  they won't learn anything from the fiendish plot of dr .  fu manchu . 
there's no getting around it-- this movie is terrible .  i've seen the old christopher lee/fu manchu movies ,  i'm familiar with the characters and it's serial origins ,  but it's still just godawful .  however ,  peter sellers' genius still shines through with his portrayal of nayland smith ,  with echoes of sadness ,  tragedy ,  and strength simmering through a stoic facade ;  it's a performance i place on par with peter cushing's portrayal of van helsing but done in a tenth of the cumulative screen time of all cushing's  " dracula "  movies .  if the movie was done in a more serio-comic vein like bubba ho-tep by way of the 1960's avengers tv show ,  this could've been something special .  if you're a fu manchu or peter sellers completest ,  this is something you need to see ,  but it's a pass for anyone else . 
it is true that some fans of peter sellers work may be disappointed with this ,  his last venture .  but surely any fan of sellers will find delight in all of his films ,  simply because of the man's huge talent .  and the fiendish plot of dr .  fu manchu is certainly no exception .  unfortunately this would prove to be sellers last film ,   ( it was even released after his death )  ,  but it's still nice to see how the man had managed to keep his irreplaceable talent right until his untimely demise .  and not only do we get one sellers ,  but we get to ,  for sellers plays not only the title role but also his nemesis ,  the equally bizarre nayland smith ,  the detective on the hunt for the crazed 168 year old fu .  the story is equally outlandish as we follow fu's outrageous antics to make his age-defying elixir and also nayland and his group of associates trying to prevent him .  just like any of sellers greater films ,  the film comes with a guaranteed impeccable performance from him ,  as well as many of his familiar-faced co-stars - david tomlinson ,  sid caesar ,  john le mesurier ,  clive dunn and helen mirren to name a few .  it's also nice to see pink panther stalwart burt kwouk  ( cato )  enjoying a cameo with sellers - albeit playing the same role ,  but still nice .  the story is indeed pretty ridiculous ,  as are many of the characters involved ,  which classes this as a film strongly under the goon influence .  and ,  although it never reaches the heights of goon comedy ,  there are plenty of amusing jokes that seem to point in the right direction .  the film failed commercially on it's initial release due to the entire world mourning after sellers' death  ( the film was released less than 3 weeks after ) and there is always that sorrowful thought lurking in the back of your mind when viewing it that this was sellers last film .  it's far from a great film - it's often slow ,  too ridiculous ,  and sometimes the jokes simply aren't there - but it is nevertheless enjoyable - if only for another top rate performance from peter sellers . 
i can hardly believe i watched this again last night after more than 25 years .  .  .   some time back ,  i watched 6 fu films in a row .  .  .  boris karloff ,  and all 5 chris lees .  the last 2 lees ,  both directed  ( and i use that word loosely )  by jess franco ,  were abominable .  at the time ,  i skipped this one ,  remembering that ,  in some ways ,  it was even worse .   well ,  i watched it .  never again .  you know what's worse that an abominable film ?  a really well-made piece of s*** .  and that's what fiendish plot is .  it is a very good-looking movie .  great production design ,  sets ,  costumes ,  music ,  photography ,  editing ,  mostly good cast ,  some decent acting .  .  .    .  .  . and absolutely ,  positively ,  one of the worst scripts in movie history !  !  !  !  !  aaaugh !  !  !  !  !  the first minute of the film is so deceptive .  .  .  one might mistake this for a decent movie .  and then they start singing  " happy birthday to fu "  .  .  .  and it goes downhill .  having burt kwouk  ( of whom his master says ,   " your face-- is familiar .  "  )  accidentally pour out fu's elixir vitae to put out a fire ,  resulting in his being condemned to torture ,  burial and having one of his ears cut off ,  was the closest thing to funny they had .  it was like someone decided they wanted to do a  " campy "  film-- so ridiculous it would be funny .  ridiculous ,  it is .  .  .  funny .  .  .  it ain't .  at all .   it's sad ,  because it's clear in the first few minutes that someone did a lot of research into the fu manchu series in order to get so much of it  " right "  .  with a different script-- either a really funny one ,  or a dead serious one ,  they might have-- could have-- should have-- had a classic on their hands .  a film that could have made one forget the horror of those jess franco atrocities .  .  .  instead of making one want to dig them out as masterpieces ,  by comparison .   there was a period in the late 70's when a whole slew of classic 30's characters were revived in movies that were universally awful .  buck rogers ,  flash gordon ,  tarzan ,  the lone ranger ,  charlie chan ,  even doc savage .  i'm not sure ,  this one may be the worst of the lot .  it took great self-control not to fast-forward over whole sections of it ,  especially any scenes containing sid caesar  ( fbi chief who was also al capone's cousin-- you see what i mean ?  )  .  it isn't just that the ideas in the film aren't funny .  .  .  they often make no sense whatsoever .  like when they  " audition "  police officers to impersonate the king and queen ,  and we wind up seeing people  " audition "  dance-hall routines like singing ,  dancing ,  and riding a unicycle .  how many drugs did the writers of this thing have to take for any of this to make sense to them ?    as i said ,  a shame .  .  .  and a real waste of all that talent ,  including that of peter sellers  ( who played both fu and nayland smith )  ,  burt kwouk  ( who'd been in a chris lee fu film in his time )  ,  helen mirren  ( the police woman who shockingly falls in love with the villain and damn near steals the last half-hour of the film !  )  .  i begin to wonder if anyone will ever make a  " proper "  fu manchu film ,  or if fans will have to settle for karloff's being almost the only one ? 
the fiendish plot of dr .  fu manchu starring peter sellers in a spoof of the characters created by sax rohmer is an injustice to the end of sellers' career .  the plot was very simplistic ,  and if done the right way could have been handled nicely ,  but instead it was poorly executed .  part of the reasons why this film wasn't that good was the poor dialog ,  cheap laughs ,  choppy directing ,  and an awkward feeling that the film was somewhat incomplete .   the acting ,  on the other hand ,  was really the only thing that kept my interest during this mixed up picture .  i found sellers portrayal of diabolical manchu brilliantly done ,  with the occasional lines that will be remembered .  for example ,  there is the scene where fu manchu is confused which henchman is which in which he says  " ah ,  you all look the same to me .  "  i hate to admit it ,  but i laughed out loud with that line .   then of course a fistful of strong supporting characters really caught my attention with the likes of helen mirren as the backstabbing constable ,  david tomilson as sir roger avery  ( his last film as well ,  not a way to end a career )  ,  and sid ceasar  ( who gives a rather whimsical performance of al capone's relative who works for the fbi )  .  these characters also kept me watching .   the sets were also nice .  oriental designs and english society in 1933 was depicted with elegance in this dud-of-a-picture .   in all honesty ,  my advice to you is to watch the film if you are a peter sellers or sid ceasar fan .  otherwise ,  you're better off settling on chewing aluminum foil . 
this is strictly a review of the pilot episode as it appears on dvd .   television moved out of my life in 1981 ,  so i never followed the series or any part of it - which means that i'm immune to the nostalgic charm that moonlighting appears to have for most reviewers .     ( possible spoiler warning )    the pilot of moonlighting is your basic  " caveman meets fluffball "  yarn ,  where a  " charming "  red-blooded he-man manipulates a misguided woman into realizing what she really wants and needs .  the premises that the script's  " wit "  is based on must have already felt stale around 1950 .  it also contains some frankly bad writing ,  as in the scene where maddie demolishes the furnishings instead of shooting the villain ,  strictly in order to prove herself the inept female in need of masculine assistance .    i often feel that susan faludi overreacts in seeing male chauvinist conspiracy in simple entertainment ,  but in this particular case i'm all with her - moonlighting has backlash stamped all over it .    in one sense ,  however ,  this dvd is a must for all serious bruce willis fans :  in addition to the pilot episode ,  it contains the screen test that landed willis the job .  both features show to what amazing extent willis' acting ability developed between 1985 and 1988/89  ( die hard 1 ,  in country )  .  impressive !    rating  ( and i _am_ a bruce willis fan )  :  2 out of 10
i tried to like this program ;  i really did .  i even bought the pilot film ,  first on vhs and later on dvd .  however ,  i couldn't get into this story because its two main characters :   " david "   ( bruce willis )  and  " maddie "   ( cybill shepherd )  just seemed to in love with themselves ,  for one thing .  i admit was some clever dialog in the shows ,  which was a key part of the success of the tv program ,  and i did appreciate of lot of that dialog .    basically ,  this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female .  you get lots of arguing ,  accusations ,  yelling and screaming .  a lot of people apparently love that sort of bickering ,  but i hate it ,  so i never got on the moonlighting bandwagon .    only allyce beasley as the hapless aide  " agnes ,  "  was entertaining .  it's too bad she had such little air time .  shepherd was nice on the eyes and i suppose women would say the same for willis ,  but too much arguing between the two finally turned me off . 
ok now ,  lets see .  what was funny in the first movie ?  i know ,  people with funny accents ,  people falling into the water ,  silly boat crashes and funny comments between the two teams .  in this movie they have twisted the accent part to the max ,  no good .  a whole a lot of people are falling into the water for uncertain reasons ,  no good .  boatcrash ,  check .  funny comments between the two teams ,  they tried but failed .  also ,  there are too may personalities they are following in this movie .  this film should be about what is happening on the water ,  not on land .  i am sorry to say that there is too far between the funny parts and the sponsors of the film are exploited to the max .  no good .  all in all ,  i give it four out of ten since it has some funny parts . 
oh ,  sam mraovich ,  we know you tried so hard .  this is your magnum opus ,  a shining example to the rest of us that you are certainly worth nomination into the academy of motion picture arts and sciences  ( as you state on your 1998-era web site )  .  alas ,  it's better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt .  with ben & arthur ,  you do just that .   seemingly assembled with a lack of instruction or education ,  the film's screenplay guides us toward the truly bizarre with each new scene .  it's this insane excuse of a story that may also be the film's best ally .  beginning tepidly ,  the homosexually titular characters ben and arthur attempt to marry ,  going so far as to fly across country to do so ,  in the shade of vermont's finest palm trees .  but ,  all of this posturing is merely a lead-in for blood .  then more blood ,  and more and more blood .  i mean ,  there must be at least $20 in fake blood make-up in the final third of this film .   the film in its entirety is a technical gaffe .  from the sound to the editing to the music ,  which consists of a single fuzzy bass note being held on a keyboard ,  it's a wonder that the film even holds together on whatever media you view it on .  it's such a shame then that some decent amateur performances are wasted here .   no matter ,  sam .  i'm sure you've made five figures on this flick in rentals or whatever drives poor souls  ( such as myself )  to view this film .  sadly ,  we're not laughing with you . 
when the film began ,  i was shocked to see it was filmed using a cheap video camera !  in fact ,  the camera shakes and looks worse than the average home movie .  even direct to dvd films should have production values better than this !  heck ,  a large percentage of the home videos uploaded to youtube have better production values !  all too often ,  the film seriously appears to be made by sticking the camera on a tripod and turning it on--with no camera person !  closeups and anything resembling camera-work are absent in some scenes where they might have worked and in others there are too many or poorly framed closeups .  yecch !    the film is about two gay men who want to become married .  as if was made almost a decade ago ,  their only option was marrying in vermont--times have definitely changed .  however ,  the recent acceptance of gay marriage cannot in any way be attributed to this film--if anything ,  it set the gay marriage supporters back instead of helping as the movie stinks and never really tries to seriously address the issue .  according to the film ,  religious people are one-dimensional idiots who carry bibles everywhere and shoot people as well as wives who have gay husbands are narrow-minded when they learn their spouses have been living a lie--go figure .  i'm sure glad it gives an honest chance to both sides on the issue !    the bottom line--nothing about the film shows any professionalism at all and i even hesitate to call this a film .  it's more like a home movie and doesn't even merit a listing on imdb or even inclusion on imdb's bottom 100 list of the worst rated films of all time .  the acting is horrible ,  the writing is horrible ,  the direction  ( if there even is any )  is horrible ,  the camera-work is horrible and the plot is horrible .  it's a home movie !  !  there is nothing positive i can say about this in any way except that it makes the films of ed wood seem like oscar contenders in comparison and i am sure the ghost of mr .  wood is smiling every time someone watches this mess !    i don't care if you are gay or straight--this film is not worth your time and i don't know how they managed to create dvds of it .  i assume one of the actors burns them on his home computer during his free time !  seriously ,  this gives new meaning to the word 'bad' !   by the way ,  if the one lady in the film was a real lawyer ,  wouldn't the ability to read be an important prerequisite ?  !  i'm just sayin' .   finally ,  with gay marriage being such a serious and important topic ,  can't we have a film that's better than this that addresses the issue ?  !  this one ,  sadly ,  only invites laughter . 
what can i say ,  this is a piece of brilliant film-making that should have won an oscar .  a copy should be kept safe in a secure vault for posterity .  it should be required viewing for all high school students across the world .  sam mraovich is a genius ,  perhaps the most genius writer/director/producer/chef/babysitter/walmart greeter to ever grace the cinema world with his art .   where do i begin with this one ?  every millisecond of ben and arthur was so completely breathtaking !  and mraovich as arthur ,  wow ,  he is so attractive i'm surprised he didn't go for mr .  universe .  i couldn't contain myself during the nude scene .  i loaned this movie to my brother and he called me on the phone saying how arthur's nude scene turned him gay .  i am totally supportive of course ,  because of this film and it's beautifully crafted lessons in tolerance .  why just yesterday i burned down a church and i wrote  " for sam and arthur "  in its smoldering ashes .   the cinematography was the best thing about this film .  when that fed-ex plane took to the skies amid the palm trees of vermont ,  i wept !  why ,  i never even knew they had palm trees in vermont or that people could travel on fed-ex planes before this film .  it opened my eyes to a new realm of possibilities .  this film inspired me to enroll in sam mraovich's school of screen writing ,  acting ,  directing ,  composing ,  casting ,  producing ,  production design and real estate .  i just want to say ,   " thank you ,  mr .  mraovich .  thank you for bringing this creation into the world .  we can never re-pay you enough .  " 
worst film ever ,  this is a statement that people here on imdb often throw around .  whether it's an uwe boll movie ,  bad classics like manos the hands of fate or the latest no brains summer action fest from michael bay ,  people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that on the board they're posting that there is nothing worse in the movie world .   i envy these people ,  because they're blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deep the rabbit hole of crap movie making really goes .  there are films out there so bad ,  so hideous ,  so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous that cults form around them to celebrate their awfulness and their discussion boards are the kindest places on the internet due to everyone agreeing unanimously that said film is really that bad .   ladies and gentlemen ,  i present to you ben and arthur ,  an 85 minute gay epic that is so utterly bad that it's a lot like a violent car crash ,  you know it's awful but you can't stop looking at it .  the brainchild of self proclaimed  " hollywood actor ,  director "  and may i add beached whale sam mraovich ,  this film is legendarily terrible .  let me give you a hint of how ego driven this project was .  mr mraovich not only directed this film ,  he wrote it ,  produced it ,  executive produced it ,  scored it ,  edited it and then finally starred in it .  this is a man so blinded by his own ego and so believing of his non existent genius that like someone with an ugly child he fails to recognise just how catastrophic his bastard creation really is .   everything in this film fails on an epic level ,  the acting is the worst you will ever witness ,  the plot is the most ridiculous ,  the editing and cinematography is the most amateur and even the music is like nails on a chalkboard .  i'm aware i've gone on a bit of a tangent here ,  but please believe me that this film is really as bad as i describe it ,  i would say this film is horse crap squished into a film reel ,  but the truth is it wasn't even shot on film ,  it was shot on a digital camcorder not much better than the one sitting in your closet right now gathering dust .  don't get me wrong ,  i forgive low budgets for films provided the concept is interesting ,  for example as much as i disliked it the blair witch project proved that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric interesting film .  ben and arthur does not have a good concept to fall back on ,  even if this film was shot on a budget of 20 million with hollywoods finest actors it would still suck ,  the plot is that atrocious ,  and the characters are even worse .  one of the main characters arthur who is portrayed by non other than sam mraovich is one of the most whiny loathsome little turds ever put in a film .  you'll dislike him within 5 minutes of the start of the film and by the end of the film that hate will have turned into outright loathing .  apparently mr mraovich forgot that we're supposed to root for the hero .   i don't want to spoil all the gut busting hilarity you'll experience watching this film  ( which i urge you not to pay for )  so i will give you two tame mild examples of how stupid this film is ,  tame and mild as in amongst the least offending mistakes in the movie .  in one cut we hear one of the main characters say how  " they know a good lawyer and will give him a call "  the shot fades out then fades back in and this him they spoke of earlier is actually a woman ,  quite a spectacular mistake to make in post production i think .  the second is simple ,  seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer the characters are told to fly to vermont ,  we then cut to a shot of a plane landing amongst palm trees in a sunny area .  i've never been to vermont personally but i'm certain you won't find any palm trees there .   imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretched to nearly an hour and a half combined with ridiculous dialogue and plot and then multiply it by 10 and it still won't fully prepare you for ben and arthur .  imagine the absolute worst film you've seen in your life and imagine it being even worse and you still won't be on the same level as ben and arthur ,  this film is really that bad .   however we should be glad in a way ,  films like this are a true rarity .  they give us hope that one day we can become film makers ourselves or that we can be screenwriters .  simply because we'll have a new found sense of confidence due to the fact that we'll know that nothing we produce no matter how amateur could be as much of a suck fest as this .   the real worst movie of all time has finally been discovered ,  and it is called ben and arthur . 
i don't know what it is about this movie- director sam mraovich somehow messed up just about every little aspect in this movie .  i would normally say that this is a movie that should not exist ,  but this movie may be the most important of all time .  this movie should exist for the sole purpose of being without a doubt 'the worst movie ever made' .  i've seen bad movies in my lifetime ,  but this somehow breaks what i considered bad into something much more hard to imagine .   everything in this movie is hilarious ,  but the single funniest thing is that mraovich himself considers this to be a great movie .   oh wow .  .  . 
phew--i don't what to say .  this is a film that could be really good a with a bunch of stoned viewers .  some of the acting reminded me of john waters' early offerings .  perhaps i should take that back--i don't want to insult waters' ability as a director/storyteller .   i particularly loved the lawyer taking about the  " full faith and credibility "  clause .  it's  " full faith and credit ,  "  by the way !   this also reminds me of  " the conrad boys ,  "  where the main actor is also the writer ,  director ,  film editor ,  etc .  those sort of multi-involved undertakings such as that are probably best left to very seasoned film professionals who would have the technical ability  ( albeit a stunt ,  some might say )  to pull something off like that . 
oh man ,  what was sam mraovich thinking ?  what was anyone who was involved in this  " film "  thinking ?  mraovich is the head of nearly everything of  " ben and arthur "  :  director ,  writer ,  producer  ( also executive producer !  )  ,  caster ,  lead star- you name it ,  he did it .  and he  ( mraovich )  sucks more than anyone has ever sucked in every department of film making .   so what is wrong with this film ?  everything .  the film is about two gay lovers ,  ben  ( jamie brett gabel )  and arthur  ( mraovich- *groan* )  .  ben and arthur want to get married in a world where everyone basically hates gay people .  to make things worse ,  ben's crazy  " ex-wife "   ( they don't exactly divorce )  ,  tammy  ( julie belknap )  is steaming mad that ben's left her for another man and demands ben that they get back together  ( saying that she can be gay ,  too !  )  and arthur's christian devoted ,  excessively hypocritical ,  equally batty as tammy brother ,  victor ,  is hell bent on making arthur turn straight and then try to kill him after he gets kicked out of his church .   the film is absolutely chock a block with so many goofs  ( ie .  ben and arthur fly to vermont to get married- they go there on alaska airlines and vermont has palm trees ;  they fly back on a fedex cargo plane- hope they were comfy in a wooden crate ,  plus many ,  many more )  and plot holes to boot  ( victor calls killing arthur  " the final plan "  which later changes to  " the final deed "  ;  arthur and the private  ( intern )  detective drive the same car ,  blah ,  blah ,  blah )  .  the  " actors "  are all very bad and are way ,  way over the top ;  the script is laughably horrible ( one such example is  " i don't make sense ?  you don't make sense !  i make sense ,  that's who makes sense !  "  )  and there so much more wrong with the  " movie "  that i can't write them all down .   however ,  the most laughable yet unbelievable thing about  " ben and arthur "  is that sam mraovich thinks that he has created something that is truly fantastic  ( see his fake reviews for  " ben & arthur "  and obvious comments by him on youtube .  )  .  mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance blinds him from seeing how awful anything with his name on it really is .   so ,  to conclude ,  forget every bad film that you claim is the worst movie ever-  " ben and arthur "  will knock them right off that title ,  even paris hilton movies look like  " the dark knight "  compared to the monstrosity known as  " ben and arthur "  . 
just watched this after hearing about how bad it was and wanted to see for myself .  seriously ,  even if you read all the negative comments on here you will be nowhere near able to comprehend how awful this film actually is ,  although it has to be one of the most hilarious things i have ever seen !  never bothered to post a comment on here before ,  but this piece of crap really warrants it .    firstly the entire plot is ridiculous and nonsensical .  brother of the lead character  ( either ben or arthur ,  i forget which is which ,  and frankly it's never very clear )  wants to stop some kind of gay marriage by killing everyone in sight - because homosexuality is abhorrent to christians ,  but apparently mass murder isn't .  then there's some other crap thrown in about one of the gay couple's ex-wife trying to force him to remarry her at gunpoint .  this leads to nothing ,  but provides us with one of the funniest lines of dialogue in the whole  " film "  -  " i don't make sense ?  you don't make sense !  that's who makes sense !  "  .  brilliant .   then there's the acting ,  which is just atrocious .  it must be seen to be believed .  my personal favourite is the apparently stoned civil rights lawyer woman ,  who is clearly reading her lines off of something ,  yet still managing to mess them up .  enough said .  the gay couple couldn't be less convincing .  there's the vaguely attractive and completely gormless guy ,  and his boyfriend who looks like that little cartoon dough man of the bisto adverts .  only fatter .  and less talented .    the  " film "  has also been filmed by someone who is incapable of holding a camera even remotely still ,  and the number of mistakes throughout is amazing .  the whole thing kicks off with the fat main guy in bed with a pair of boots on .  yep .   but anyways ,  we all know how terrible this thing is ,  so i'd like to highlight some of the most priceless comedy moments that the  " film "  provides .    - when the fat guy sets the church on fire and then prances like a six year old girl across the car park to make his escape .  hilarious .   - mildread !  no idea what relation she is to the main characters - sometimes they know her ,  sometimes they don't ,  but she pops up in a couple of scenes nonetheless .  hilarious .   - the stoned lawyer .  already mentioned her ,  but she's so funny she's worth another mention .   - the evil brothers dinner of crackers that he lays on for his guests .   - the evil brother's anti-gay potion .   - the evil brother's cats .   - the ending ,  which i won't give away because it must be seen to be believed .  i warn you though ,  make sure you're not eating at the time !  !  !  !  the tub of lard main character/director/producer gets naked .  it's foul .    basically ,  ben and arthur is indescribably bad ,  but unintentionally the most comical thing you'll see for a long time .  literally ,  nothing is good about this excuse for a film ,  the goon of a director even manages to make the opening credits into a joke by writing his own name about 15 times . 
as an actor i really like independent films but this one is amateur at best .   the boys go to vermont for a civil service yet when the plane lands it flies over a palm tree - were the directors aware that palm trees are not in vermont ?  pines yes - palms no .  and the same for the wedding service - again nice grove of palm trees .   when the boys are leaving vt they apparently could not get a ticket on any major airline since the plane that is filmed is federal express .  did they ship themselves overnight in a crate ?  come on guys little details like this separate an indi film from totally amateur .   the christian brother is far gayer than arthur with his bleached hair and tribal band tattoo .  the two should have switched roles .   the minor characters are laughable and overact something terrible .   applause to the directors for making a gay film but pay some attention to your locations and casting next time
 ( review in english ,  since swedish is not allowed )   i saw this movie with extremely low expectations ,  and i can sadly inform you that the movie barely lived up to them .   as much as i loved to see janne  " loffe "  karlsson on the big screen again ,  the writers should have realized early in the scriptwriting process that seven people falling into the water ,  isn't original or funny .  the story is very thin and the jokes are used and predictable ,  the ones that ain't ,  is just plain boring .  i smiled like three times during the entire film .   the placement of swedish findus products is  ( unintentionally )  funny ,  why not just a big sign saying ;   " findus made it happen !  "  .   göta kanal 2 doesn't need to be seen at the cinema or on dvd ,  just wait for it to air on tv ,  it wont take too long . 
this movie is just truly awful ,  the eye-candy that plays ben just can make up for everything else that is wrong with this movie .   the writer/director/producer/lead actor etc probably had a good idea to create a movie dealing with the important issues of gay marriage ,  family acceptance ,  religion ,  homophobia ,  hate crimes and just about every other issue effecting a gay man of these times ,  but trying to ram every issue into such a poorly conceived film does little justice to any of these causes .   the script is poor ,  the casting very ordinary ,  but the dialogue and acting is just woeful .  the homo-hating brother is played by the most camp actor and there is absolutely no chemistry between the two lead actors  ( i think i've seen more passion in an corn flakes ad )  .  the acting is stiff ,  and the dialogue forced  ( a scene where the brother is feeding the detective his lines was the highlight )  .   i'm just pleased to see that the creator of this train wreck has not pushed any other rubbish out in to distribution ,  and if he is thinking of doing so ,  i have some advise - just don't do it . 
let me first state that i enjoy watching  " bad "  movies .  it's funny how some of these films leave more of a lasting impression than the truly superb ones .  this film is bad in a disturbingly malicious way .  this vehicle for sam mraovich's delusional ego doesn't just border on talentless ineptitude ,  it has redefined the very meaning of the words .  this should forever be the barometer for bad movies .  sort of the mendoza line for film .  mr .  mraovich writes ,  directs ,  and stars as blunt object arthur sailes battling scorned wives and the christian forces of evil as he and his partner ben  " dead behind the eyes "  sheets struggle for marital equality .  as a libertarian i believe gays should have a right to get married .  ben & arthur do more harm to that cause than an army of homophobes .  the portrayal of all things christian are so ugly and ham-fisted ,  trademark mraovich ,  that you can't possibly take any of them seriously .  arthur's brother victor ,  the bible toting jesus freak ,  is so horribly over-the-top evil/effeminately gay that you have to wonder how he was cast in this role .  that's because sam  " multitasking "  mraovich was also casting director .  the worst of it all is sam mraovich himself .  when you think leading man do the words pasty ,  balding ,  and chubby come to mind ?  sam also delivers lines like domino's pizza ,  cold and usually wrong .  the final tally :  you suck at writing ,  directing ,  acting and casting .  that's the ed wood quadruple crown .  congratulations you horrible little man . 
sam mraovich should never be allowed to touch a camera again .  if he does he should be arrested on the spot .  .  . at the very least for petty larceny .  anybody who pays even a dime to rent any of his garbage should file a claim and be compensated .  this was innocently my first viewing of his  " work "  .  .  . and it will my last .  ed wood looks awfully good to me right now .   when i return this piece of crap to the video store ,  i will personally ask that it be taken off the shelf .  an active supporter of gay cinema ,  i am incensed and angered that this warped ,  exceedingly untalented man-child be allowed to distribute and package something like this ,  with a coltish pretty boy on the cover  ( jamie brett gabel ,  who ,  thankfully ,  has no other acting credits in imdb )  and an interesting synopsis on the back used as bait ,  and then market it as a  " movie "  rental .  trust me ,  this has no place being on any rack anywhere ;  it is simply not a movie in any sense of the word .  offensive ,  irresponsible junk such as this can only be detrimental to the efforts being made to promote and support gay cinema  ( hell ,  gay rights in general !  )  for those tempting to rent this out because of the cover ,  you will be disappointed .  gabel is not as flattering to look at on film as he is on the cover ,  and he appears once or twice without a shirt -- that's it .  instead ,  the homely mroavich inflicts on us his own disgusting ,  sorry-looking dough-boy nakedness .   this  " thing "  he  " assembled "  is a reverse vanity project for mraovich .  both he and his friend michael habousch  ( who ,  i understand ,  puts out similar sleazy garbage )  are terrible in this .  mraovich is purposely posing as a complete no-talent  ( in all fields )  ,  desperate to grab onto any  " loser "  attention he can for himself .  he is to be pitied . 
i have no idea what on earth ,  or beyond ,  could have possibly made sam mraovich believe that this would have been a worthy project to undertake .  ben & arthur is one of the worst movies ever made .  in fact ,  i see no reason why it should not be at #1 on the bottom 100 .  for although i have not seen ,  for example ,  superbabies :  baby geniuses 2  ( #5 at the time of this publication )  ,  i would venture to guess that that film is considerably better than this oozing wound ,  because even in its vapid dismalness at least baby geniuses 2 was professionally made .  by contrast ,  everything ,  and i do mean everything ,  in this film is completely unprofessional .   the movie is intended to be an attack on the christian right's supposed bigotry and hatred toward gays .  and i do emphasize  " intended .  "  not only does it completely and utterly fail at its purpose ,  it also leaves an ugly scar .  instead of creating a compelling and realistic portrait of a gay couple's struggle against a society that largely opposes them ,  it creates tired ,  crass stereotypes of each party involved .  ben and arthur ,  the namesake couple ,  are portrayed as two crude ,  sex-starved ,  and hopelessly romantic cardboard cutouts who marry when the laws change to allow them to do so .  this meets with the opposition of ben's brother victor ,  a christian minister who ,  like all christians  ( as this movie would have us believe )  ,  is loud ,  prying ,  stupid ,  and violent .  he tries to kill ben and arthur after his associations with them get him kicked out of the ministry .  just like in real life .  and if you think that's dreadful  ( it is )  ,  you haven't seen it all .   the actors  (  ?  )  here manage to completely destroy any vestige of credibility in this movie by saying their lines as if they were narrating a youtube home comedy video .  but not even daniel day-lewis and marlon brando as the title characters could have saved this clunker ,  for there would still be the matter of the completely inane and laugh-inducing dialogue that fills every minute of the movie .  every scene has at least one awkward or misplaced quote .  for example ,  in one scene ,  victor tries to complain about not being able to have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality .  but instead of portraying this idea clearly ,  he spits out the stupid ,  utterly confusing ,  whiny-sounding line ,   " you know what ,  i'm never going to have any nieces or nephews ,  okay ,  because you're so f***ed up !  "   even more glaring is the complete lack of production values .  yes ,  i know this ain't the dark knight ,  but even amateur film makers should know some basics about special effects and editing .  for example ,  six dots of red cake dye do not suffice for realistic bullet wounds .  people do not teleport across a room between takes .  and objects do not fall forward when shot !    do not waste your money on ben & arthur .  i don't care if you're 7 ,  17 ,  or 107 .  i don't care if you're gay ,  straight ,  bi ,  or undecided .  i don't care if you're  " just curious .  "  i don't care what pathetic reason you may have to be tempted to buy this dung-heap .  stay away ,  far away .  this movie's only redeeming quality is its ability to be used as a frisbee . 
i was looking on imdbs bottom 100 because i thought id never seen anything as bad as plan 9 from outerspace or roller ball remake ,  i was wrong .  ben and arthur has beaten both .   this out of the many countless amount of movies i've seen is the number one worst film on the i ever saw .  bad directing  , bad characters  , horrible acting  , horrible story there's a reason nobody but sam ever says anything positive about this film .  sam was a horrible annoying actor but his directing was so bad he may just overthrow ed wood .   the director should be ashamed of his work unfortunately i have to give it at least 1 star but it deserves - to be continued stars . 
there is absolutely nothing in this movie that shows even the tiniest scrap of talent .  nobody in it has ever tried acting before ,  even the extras in the coffee shop look as if they've been glued in place .  nothing looks rehearsed . the film quality is terrible .  most of the 'action' takes place in narrow corridors or apartments with the cameraman crammed in as an afterthought ,  swinging some cheapo camera backwards and forwards between 'actors' as they deliver their lines .  no tripod and no proper microphone either ,  there sound quality is terrible .  even 'manos' fares better than this ,  at least they had proper equipment .  what plot there is simply gets lost in the production mess .   stick to home videos ,  preferably made by some 5 year kid trying out the video feature on daddy's new camera phone .  you will be in for a long search to find a movie more inept than this . 
i made the big mistake of actually watching this whole movie a few nights ago .  god i'm still trying to recover .  this movie does not even deserve a 1 . 4 average .  imdb needs to have 0 vote ratings possible for movies that really deserve it like this one .  a 1 . 4 is too high .   i had heard how awful this movie was ,  but i really did not think a movie could actually be that bad ,  especially in this day and era .  i figured all of the cheesy god awful movies were only from the 1950s and 1960s .  my god was i wrong .  trust me folks ,  this movie really is that bad .  it is beyond horrible ;  it is beyond pathetic ;  it is beyond any type of word that i can think of for it .  battlefield earth looks like best picture of the year compared to this movie .  snake island  ( which up until now was the worst movie i'd ever seen )  looks like it deserves a few oscars compared to this pathetic effort .   i seriously can not believe that the makers of this movie thought this was a legitimate serious effort of producing a hollywood movie .  this has no business being called a movie .  in the first 25 seconds of the film ,  i seriously thought i was watching some high school theater class attempting to make a short movie .  or better yet ,  i thought it was some saturday night live ripoff skit of the real thing .  i mean ,  it looks exactly like that .  the acting is horrible ;  the whole movie almost looks like it was shot with a 20 year old vhs video camera .  the special effects .  .  .  .  .  .  . well good lord bewitched from back in the day had better special effects than this movie .  the scene where he gets shot at the door is beyond laughable and beyond cheesy .  i mean seriously ,  my intro to acting class from 4 years ago in college ,  all of us could have put together a better movie than this .  and the worst part of the entire movie ,  where arthur is naked in the bathroom .  oh my god i almost thew up right there .  i have a strong stomach ,  but wow that was horrible .  some people should never be naked ,  and he's one of them .  the plot of this movie just seems to go absolutely nowhere .  they talk about legal issues that we never hear about again ;  ben talks about getting into music that we never hear about again ;  arthur says he is looking for a job and money for college and the next thing we see is he's running a porn shop .  everything about the movie is just horrible .   this really doesn't have much to do with my critique ,  but just so everyone knows ,  i am not a gay man .  i do however support gay rights and believe we should all be treated as equals .  and i would support any gay person in my church ,  unlike the cruel priest in this movie ,  who by the way seems to cuss every other word .   ( where is the f* ( #*ing white out ?  )  hahaha but i didn't want anyone to think i hated this movie just because of it being about two gay guys .  it has nothing to do with that :  this would have been just as horrible of a movie if it was ben & jill instead of ben & arthur .   i just watched this movie to see if it really was as bad as they say .  and yes it was even worse than i had read .  let this be a warning to everyone :  only watch this movie if you want to just sit back and laugh at how pathetic some movies in the 21st century can still be .  if you watch this movie and are actually expecting a good movie or some entertainment ,  i have no sympathy for you whatsoever .   on a final thought :  how in the world are there 7 movies ranked below this on imdb ?  there is no way there are 7 movies out there that are worse than this ! 
holy crap this movie was bad .  i watched it just as a joke .  it isn't even so bad that it's good in an unintentional way .  this film seemed to be designed to personally make me angry .  it worked really well at doing that .  it's as if the people who made this just took all of the really annoying stuff about the movie priest ,  added in a bunch of ugly dudes ,  took out anything interesting ,  funny ,  or even remotely sexy and clever out of the concoction ,  and then added in a bunch of old rotten cheese .  that's all this is .  cheese .  there isn't a single person this film could possibly connect to .  there isn't any universe this film could possibly take place in .  why can't a film like this just be about enjoying life and being happy ?  why did they have to make this already stupid idea for a film even more ridiculous than it already is ?  why couldn't they at least even tried to make it an okay film ,  or even a b-movie .  now that i think of it ,  what they hell were they trying to do with this film ?  i watched it expecting a campy love story and instead i got some boring student project about some idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying christian brother tried to destroy it all !  !  !  no ,  i'm not joking .  that's what it's about .  does that sound good ?  this film is pretty ignorant against people of the christan religion ,  with it's stereotyping of all christians being loudmouthed ,  rude ,  and hellbent on making as many people as miserable as possible .  a lot of christian people i know would never speak or act like these freaks .  the film ,  however ,  is just as unfair and ignorant to the gay community as well .  these have got to be the most tastelessly crafted stereotypical gay men since the guy on the radio station on that roadkill video game .  it's so nerve wracking and simply irritating to the point that i wasn't able to fully pay attention to this film .  the makers of this train-wreck had no strategy for set design ,  acting ,  camera angles ,  lighting ,  script ,  authenticity ,  or an idea to make this entertaining or interesting .  there isn't even a single sex scene ,  or at least not a believable one .  jamie brett gabel was the only guy in the film that looked any good at all ,  but his good looks were sadly put to waste .  this is trash .  in a perfect world ,  this film would get voted a 0 . 0 .  it's worth 0 as a film alone .  a mentally handicapped nun who is blind ,  deaf ,  and has tiny little bones for arms and legs and whose face is located on her armpit could write ,  direct ,  and produce a better film ,  and she'd probably be a better actor as well .  the fact that this film exists is a crime against the word  " film "  itself .  this film is so bad that other films should be ashamed of being available in the same watchable format .  i could put a broom in a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the film and then replace it with a mini x-mas tree and then record that and i've already made a film that will always be better than ben & arthur by at least half .  there are only two things worse than death .  torture and watching ben & arthur .  i'm a homosexual and i will probably be the gayest person you will ever meet if you ever met me ,  and i don't think i've ever been more offended by an entire film than i was by the first five seconds of this film alone .  if this movie was a mistake ,  i will personally find a way to change the famous phrase  " it's okay to make mistakes "  to  " it's okay to make mistakes unless that mistake was ben & arthur .  "  you know how people always say things like ,   " good things come out of everything !  "  ?  i think that ben & arthur was primarily invented so that there could be something on this earth that nothing good would ever come out of .  to call this movie the worst movie i've ever seen would be giving it way too much credit .  it's as if this film were designed just so that it could qualify in a category of it's very own .  there are good movies ,  there are bad movies ,  and then there's ben & arthur .  this is ben and arthur . 
intrigued by the synopsis  ( every gay video these days has a hunk on the cover ;  this is not necessarily to be construed as a good sign )  i purchased ben and arthur without knowing a thing about it .  this is my second  ( and i assure you it will be my last )  purchase of a culture q connection video .  as far as i am concerned ,  this dvd is nothing but a blatant rip-off .  i do not make this observation lightly  i am a major collector of videos ,  gay and mainstream ,  and i can state with some authority and without hesitation that ben and arthur is quite simply the worst film i have ever sat through in my life .  period .  my collection boasts over 1 , 600 films  ( 93% on them on dvd )  and of those ,  well over 300 are gay and lesbian themed .  i hardly own every gay movie ever made ,  but i am comfortable in stating that i pretty much purchase almost every gay video of interest that gets released ,  and very often i buy videos without knowing anything about the film .  sometimes ,  this makes for a pleasant surprise - aimee & jaguar ,  it's in the water ,  urbania and normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that i stumbled upon accidentally .  so when i read on the box that ben and arthur concerned a conflict between gay lovers and the christian right ,  one of my favorite subjects ,  i decided to take the plunge sight unseen ,  despite my previously disappointing purchase of another culture q connection title ,  visions of sugar plums .  that film was pretty bad ,  but compared to ben and arthur ,  it viewed like gone with the wind .  so what was so wrong with ben and arthur ?  plenty !  to begin with ,  the  " plot "  such as it was ,  was totally ridiculous .  this film almost made me sympathetic to the christian right  we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member because his brother is gay ,  but that a priest would actually set up a mob style execution of a gay couple in order to save their souls  ( like this even makes sense )  .  the writing is so poor that many scenes make no sense at all ,  and several plot points reflect no logic ,  follow-up or connection to the story .  murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends to the gay activist / right wing conflict on both sides ,  and the acting is so bad that it's difficult to imagine how anybody in this film got hired .  the characters who are supposed to be straight are almost without exception clearly gay - and nelly stereotypes to boot ;  the gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting .  this film is enough to put off anybody from buying gay themed videos forever ,  and the distributors should be ashamed of themselves .  the only advantage this picture has over my other culture q connection purchase ,  visions of sugarplams ,  is that this one has a soundtrack with clear dialogue .  hardly a distinction ,  since the script is so insipid that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film truly is .  it is an embarrassment to queer culture ,  and i intend to warn everyone i possibly can before they waste their money on it .  at $9 . 95 this film would have been way overpriced ;  i understand that it's soon to be re-priced under $20 ,  which is still highway robbery .  i paid the original price of $29 . 95 ,  and i never felt more cheated in my life .  the only true laugh connected with this drivel is the reviews  i have seen  " user reviews "  for this film on numerous websites ,  and there is always one or two that  " praise "  the director / writer / actor in such a way that it's obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this ed wood wannabe .  how sad .  how desperate .  i just wish imdb would allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero .  if ever a film deserved it ,  this is it . 
i have never posted a review before ,  but i had to do it for this film !  this film is so bad ,  i found myself trying to justify how bad it is by trying to think of it as kitsch or parody .  but it isn't .  it is truly ,  un-self-consciously bad .  this is a serious attempt that flops gloriously .  other reviewers have pointed out the film's many flaws ,  so i'll try not to repeat these ,  but i do urge you to see this film .  throughout it i was either speechless ,  literally gasping with disbelief ,  or rolling on the floor in hysterics .  i haven't had so much fun watching a film in years .  in fact ,  i'm going to try to get all my friends to see it because it's the kind of movie that needs to be shared .   my favorite parts :  -- when arthur auditions to be a go-go boy  ( his dancing is unbelievable )  -- the gratuitous nudity  ( the director/leading actor just had to get a nude shot in )  -- the preacher's office with its cardboard and crayon rendition of christ -- of course ,  the famous wedding scene with the palm trees and the forgotten rings  ( what narrative function does this play ?  !  ?  )  -- the ex-wife's wrestling match with ben to get possession of her gun -- the detailed sequence wherein arthur kills the preacher ;  he apparently burns him up with this incredibly measly match -- yes ,  the gay religious-fanatic brother with his bleached hair and weho fashions -- and ,  my favorite ,  the use of joplin's  " the entertainer "  as the opening soundtrack and  " pachebel's canon in d major "  as the closing soundtrack !  -- the list goes on and on -- a must see !  !  ! 
the .  worst .  film .  ever .  made .   after watching this supposedly gay made film ,  i suspect someone rounded up a brain damaged half blind neo-nazi and had him make the worst gay film ever ,  all in some deluded attempt to attack gay culture .  i had to stop the movie and call a friend to come over just so i had someone to scoff at when i paused the movie out of shock ,  disbelief and outrage at such sheer stupidity .   on top of all the horrible writing and acting and illogical and stupid plot ,  its just a poorly made film .  a dog with a handycam tied to its tail could have churned out better .   seriously ,  after reading the few positive reviews this movie has here ,  i suspect the writer must have a half a dozen imdb accounts .  anyone who says this film is even watchable as anything other than a joke ,  is a liar or being paid heavily to say so . 
yet another forgettable warners foreign intrigue  " thriller ,  "  this is rendered even less enjoyable by the irritating presence of lauren bacall ,  who ,  without humphrey bogart's tender attentions to humanize her ,  comes off as her usual shrill ,  shallow self .  even master gigolo charles boyer cannot feign romantic interest in her . 
this film was the worst film i have ever viewed .  it was like a  " homework assignment "  for a film class .  it totally misses the mark when it comes to the  " message "  it is trying to relay .  characters are over exaggerated ,  poor acting and as for a plot .  .  . well it is utterly ridiculous .  the cover shot is what made me think it may be a decent film ,  the co-actor is handsome and that's about it .  moral of this movie :  never judge a movie by it's cover !  save your time ,  money and energy and make your own home movie and you will be far better off than i .  it was painful to watch and quite frankly i am surprised that anyone would spend money to make and distribute it ! 
ben & arthur could have been a 10 .  sam mraovich wrote ,  directed ,  stared ,  and produced this movie .  sam should have given his idea to a good writer ,  director ,  and left the acting to somebody who could act .  this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production .  there was nobody to tell him ,   " sam this is bad ,  really bad "  .   jamie brett gabel's acting was the only good point ,  but he could have been so much better with a good director ,  and better actors to work with .    this movie is so bad i think sam mraovich should be tied to a chair and made to watch this movie  ( twice )  .  the acting and direction was so bad ,  this movie was turned into a comedy .  you just had to laugh ,  and in the wrong places .    a second good point .  .  .  . this would make a great date movie .  after the first two minutes you would quit watching the movie and pay more attention to your date ! 
your first clue that this is a cheesy movie is that it was shot on video ,  not film .  the story is convoluted ,  and the production is amazingly sloppy .  note ,  for example ,  that when the title couple are on a plane ostensibly landing in vermont ,  where they've gone to celebrate their relationship in a civil union ceremony ,  the plane is shown coming into an airport surrounded by palm trees .  their ceremony - in vermont - takes place in a garden of tropical plants ,  including palms ,  which wouldn't last five minutes in the new england climate .  on yet another airplane trip ,  the establishing shot depicts a fedex cargo plane taking off .  presumably they could only afford to travel in steerage .  as for the plot ,  this movie expects you to believe that victor ,  the devoutly christian brother of arthur ,  is kicked out of his church when the congregation learns that his brother is gay .  not only that ,  but the pastor eventually sets victor up with a hit man to have ben and arthur killed  " to purge their souls of sin .  "  apparently no one in this church has ever heard of the ten commandments .  were it not for jamie brett gabel ,  who is surprisingly effective as arthur ,  this movie would have no redeeming qualities at all . 
oh my god .  i bought this movie and .  .  . i .  .  . watched .  .  . the .  .  . whole .  .  . thing .   .   .  okay ,  it's going to be alright .  .  .  i'l know i'll be okay in a month or two .  some time soon i hope to be rid of the flash backs .  i was going to eat something after the movie but i just can't seem to get up the courage to try and hold any food down at the moment .  bad ?  yes bad .  very bad .  bad bad bad bad bad .  wait ,  bad doesn't seem to get the message across in quite the right way .  hmm .  .  .  there isn't a word to describe just how awful .  .  .  .  not awful .  .  .  hmm disgustingly horribly casted/acted/filmed/directed/written .  now i don't know what to do but throw it out .  possibly burn it i wouldn't want it to end up at the bottom of an architectural dig a thousand years from now .  the worst movie ever since  " hey happy " 
if an auteur gives himself 2 credits before the main title and about 15 more credits before the movie starts ,  and the first shot shows the auteur rolling around on a bed in lycra bike shorts ,  it won't be a surprise to observe that said auteur has the kind of body that should never be seen in spandex .  the kind of look that might be useful to a homosexual aversion therapist .   others have given this thing the dishing it deserves .  for me the most pitiable moment came when the trip from la was signified by a plane landing at what appeared to be lax ;  and the return was signified by a shot of a fedex cargo plane . 
this movie was laughably bad .  a friend rented it from netflix and made me watch it .  there are so many gaffes and goofs that it's impossible to even bother getting to know the characters and the plot .  how about these for example .  .  .   the  " vermont airport "  surrounded by palm trees  ben's miraculously appearing shirt during a phone conversation  the priest's palatial office .  .  .  complete with a folding card table desk  there is a decent story hidden behind a very bad movie .  but even if you look past the technical flaws ,  you'll find horrid acting and casting .  i was most tickled by the casting of a flamboyantly gay actor to play the right-wing religious zealot brother .  his opening scene ,  sitting in his immaculate apartment ,  stroking his kitty cat ,  was hilarious .   i applaud the writer/director/producer/editor/star/caterer/cast dentist/composer  ( and whatever else he did on this move )  for actually getting a movie like this distributed .  if you have nothing better to do ,  it could be a fun group movie or even the basis of a drinking game but don't rent it for a powerful story about homophobia and gay marriage . 
 .  .  . well ,  pop this into the dvd ,  waste an hour and a half of your life that you will never get back ,  and find out .   acting ?  what acting ?    production values ?   .  .  . production ?   .  .  . values ?   story ?  don't get me started .   after many years of posting on imdb ,  i never thought i would see a film so bad that i truly wished for a lower rating than one .  i always have found at least a reason or two to see merit - if only in the intent or the effort of the writer ,  the director ,  the cast ,  or the producer ?   in this case ,  they're all the same guy  (  !  )  who really needs to get a handle on the fact ,  at least as demonstrated by this worthless waste of video tape ,  that he has no talent .  i mean it would be a reasonable excuse if this were some junior high schooler's  " production "  for his first cinema class ,  but the referenced  " artist "  behind this dreck was twenty-six at the time of this miscarriage .    just how did this ever get made ?  who in their right mind ever wrote a check for this ?  moreover ,  don't let the box cover fool you :  there's not even anything that remotely resembles a good sex scene or any good  " exposure "  of the hunk on that cover .   two final items :  there was one second when this  " film "  had redeeming value :  the aforementioned  " talent "  gets roundly punched out by his lover .  i cheered !  and ,  i did learn one thing from this  " film .  "  .  there are times when something is so very bad that it is ,  indeed ,  truly very funny .  but not in any comical manner ;  it's just sadly humorous .  very sadly humorous . 
the only reason that this movie is rated a 1 is that zero is not one of the selection options .  with a plot thinner than depression era cabbage soup ,  horrific acting ,  and special effects that look like they came out of the  " thunderbirds "  tv series ,  it is amazing that widmark didn't kill the director for putting this black mark on his resume .  even by 1950's standards ,  the special effects are atrocious ,  except for a couple of underwater submarine sequences .  i can only assume that it was nominated for best special effects because ,  except for 20 , 000 leagues under the sea and them !  ,  there wasn't anybody else doing effects .  it was certainly no contest for disney that year if this was their only competition .  i wouldn't recommend the film ,  even for hard core submarine movie buffs ,  as the most realistic scene on the submarine was limited to one shot where seawater can be seen dribbling down the up-raised periscope .  there are other ,  much better ,  sub films that you can enjoy from this era ,  like the aforementioned 20 , 000 leagues or torpedo run . 
the leap years stars some heavy hitters in the local and regional film and television scene .  and yet ,  they cannot save this movie .  it has so many things going against it - over acting ,  overly melodramatic ,  poor script ,  inconsistent direction ;  and too few things going for it - decent music  ,  good cinematography .  this comment is mainly for anyone who throws all local movies into one basket after watching this film and says all local movies are bad .  please do not judge the rest based on this one film .  this is a television soap opera masquerading as a romantic feature film .  my hopes were high when i bought my ticket and my hopes were dashed five minutes into the film . 
lauren bacall and charles boyer do not provide the right chemistry here in this 1945 film .   there is a good story here about the axis trying to obtain coal to use for the upcoming war .  unfortunately ,  this part of the story is not emphasized .  instead ,  we deal with a supposedly bungling boyer .  by the way ,  bacall is as british as vladimir putin .   the real acting kudos goes to veteran oscar winner katina paxinou .  as was the case with her memorable pilar in the 1943 oscar winner ,   " for whom the bell tolls ,  "  paxinou again plays a spanish revolutionary but this time she is a double-crossing counter-spy for the pro-franco group .  she is quite a vicious character here ; especially ,  when she throws a 14 year old child out the window .  she believed that boyer had given the child important material to hide . 
i must preface this by saying i am a huge romantic .  hence i really wanted to like this film .  so i'm writing my thoughts to save the rest of you from the disappointment i felt watching it .  the leap years tells the destiny-filled tale of li-ann who falls for the suave jeremy and they commit to meet every leap year .  a very romantic premise ,  based on a great short story and with a cast that doesn't feel like you're watching yet another jack neo flick .  then why oh why is it so bad ?  firstly ,  i feel the filmmakers thought they were shooting a music video ,  because they chose to replace storytelling and any true emotions with cheesy montages ,  predictable actions and clichéd lines .  i am both upset and embarrassed to have been one of the first few in singapore to watch the leap years ,  but those of us in the cinema would agree that our muffled groans at the cringe-worthy performances spoke volumes .  my hope was to watch a romantic movie that would surpass forever fever ,  the best singaporean romantic comedy so far ,  and the leap years does not even come close .  some blogs have called it the crap years which is harsh but ultimately true .  don't waste your money or your emotions like i did .  the movie will make you give up on love forever . 
there are no spoilers in this review because everything was already shown in the movie's trailer .  i am trying to be balanced in my review because i strongly support local movies ,  but i can't help but support the backlash against this movie .  it is slow ,  boring and bordering on pointless .  even the  " almost nice and believable moments "  were immediately undercut by painful clichés and bad acting .  vernetta lopez and wong li lin ,  whom i usually love ,  were only passable in this movie .  it felt like the director was trying to make a melodramatic tv soap ,  then got carried away and decided to put it on the big screen .  the leap years should come with an ra rating  ( rated awful )  but it hasn't changed my faith in local movies .  more good films will come ,  so long as more films like these don't get made . 
recherche is a good word to describe this movie .   let's say every movie has a selling point ,  a gimmick .  transformers' gimmick is the awesome effects as well as fan boys nostalgia .  sleepless in seattle's gimmick is situational in their tag-line ,   " what if someone you never met ,  someone you never saw ,  someone you never knew was the only someone for you ?  "  many romance relies heavily on these gimmicks and some through draw of big names .  leap years employs both by using the irish folklore as the circumstance and featuring considerably famous names within the country .   so now that the audience are in the cinema ,  besides all the usual elements in characters ,  conflict or consequences ,  crisis ,  resolve and denouement ,  they also look forward to stimulating dialog ,  more absorbing situations as a result of the leap years ,  interesting sub-plots and perhaps ,  to a certain extent ,  a good twist in the middle or towards the end of the story that favors the circumstances of the characters .   this is what jean yeo is trying not to achieve .  if they've tried to ,  their goal was apparently in the other court ,  at the other stadium ,  on the other end of the planet .  she and her writer ,  alain layrac ,  utterly failed to provide stimulating dialog .  most of the lines were contrived .  it seems that they have a bag filled with lines which she would like to use in her movie :   " okay ,  these are the lines and quotes which i've heard or read from either movies i've seen or books i've read before and they all sound good to me .  if they sound good to me ,  they will sound good to the audience .  therefore ,  all i have to do is piece them all together .  i am going to use all of them .  "  the result is cathartic .  i can't say that the lines were unnecessary and bears no relation to the story or in driving the plot on ,  but they seem to spring out of nowhere ,  catching you off guard with these quotable quotes .   on a personal level ,  i know people who cite quotes based on most of the situations in our dialog ,  trying to make it meaningful to themselves while nodding along .  i don't go out with them anymore because the urge to punch them is overwhelming .   secondly ,  the characters portrayed are silly and one-dimensional .  with exception to the unnatural dialog which implies their motivation  ( necessary to drive the plot )  ,  there was no sense of conviction in them .  i haven't an idea who they are .  they are all simpletons spouting lines from the advice column of a female-oriented magazine .   the gimmick in the leap years is not enough to drive the story on because the circumstances are too shallow .  then again ,  there are movies with less but fared better than this ,  aren't there .  they made it up with my first and second point .  moreover ,  the sub-plots are inconsequential  ( not that it's a bad thing for movies )  and thin  ( bad thing )  .   jean yeo and the producers are trying to pass off the terrible plot with fancy locations and passable photography .  this is because they probably understand that it is possible and easier to attain the approval from some viewers than the others with the good use of cinematography ,  soundtrack and filming location .  these non-discerning viewers .   it is not even the kind of movie that is so bad that it's good .  it is just bad .  don't watch this . 
 " the leap years "  is a movie adapted from an e-novella by singapore writer catherine lim ,  which became the first singapore novel/novella to be sold over the internet .  the film had a tortuous post-production schedule :  shot in early 2005 ,  it was slated for release at the end of 2005 ,  but only turn up eventually 3 years later ,  on the 29th february 2008 ,  a leap year .   before i say anything ,  i must first admit i'm no fan of the romance genre ,  so i may be a little biased against this film - i watched it merely because it was a singapore production ,  and that it's available for borrowing at my neighborhood library .  here's my two cents on the movie .   let's just start by saying that other than qi yu-wu's ks and wong li-lin ,  everybody here of note seems to be a eurasian .  the love interest is a eurasian  ( ananda everingham )  ,  and wong's trio of buddies are all ,  er-hem ,  eurasians .  does this film perpetuate the stereotype that falling in love and associating with eurasians are more  " in "  than the common chinese  ( or whatever asian race you are ?  )  i don't know ,  it sure seems that way .  also ,  everyone in the movie speaks in some mystical  " anglified "  accent which doesn't exist anywhere ,  certainly not in singapore .  it's the kind of  " semi-perfect english "  that authorities would like us speak ,  but which doesn't exist anywhere outside ,  say ,  the mtv channel .  the effect is that the dialog of the movie sounds forced and stilted ,  not helped by the lack of true-blue singaporeans in the cast .   the scriptwriter seems to be trying too hard to string one-liners after one-liners .  after twenty minutes ,  the  " wit "  of the movie starts to pall and the film starts serving up its usual plate of clichés .    i guess i didn't enjoy the movie because the entire premise of sustaining a love affair over 16 long years seems unbelievable .    there are other incredulities in the film .  i can't for one believe that ks  ( played by qi yu-wu )  would fall for one of wong's girlfriends .  and the scene where the bridegroom says ,   " go ,  before i change my mind ,  "  has been used in a hundred east asian  ( korean ,  chinese ,  hong kong ,  taiwanese etc )  tv serials .  .  .   so 4 stars for this film .  the production value is fair ,  and wong li-lin tries her best ,  but she's not helped by the script .  joan chen has a 15-minute bit-part in the movie as the older wong and is perhaps the best actress of the lot ,  but ,  hey ,  her role is just cameo .   if you come across  " the leap years "  in the rental or library ,  you may want to pop it in the dvd player for curiosity's sake ,  but otherwise ,  for people who don't exactly enjoy the romance genre ,  you can decide whether or not to give it a miss . 
randolph scott is leaving the usa for the greener pastures of canada's british columbia .  he wants to start a cattle ranch there with partner bill williams and cook lee tung foo .  they stampede their small herd over a toll bridge erected by victor jory .  later jory rustles their cattle and williams loses his left arm during the fracas .   from 1945 until 1962 when he retired ,  randolph scott made a series of good adult themed westerns ,  some of them considered real classics .  unfortunately the cariboo trail will never be listed among his best westerns .    it's more like the material that roy rogers or gene autry might use .  the story is downright silly at times .  williams who was along for the ride with scott ,  he wanted to go prospect for gold as there was a big strike at the time .  he doesn't blame the rustlers ,  he blames scott for convincing him to make the trip for the loss of his arm .    also there's a scene in the film when scott ,  lee tung foo ,  and gabby hayes are captured by indians .  they escape because gabby's mule has been taught to kick on command and he kicks away at the indians allowing our heroes to escape .  i'm not sure that would have played in a rogers film .   furthermore the story actually wants you to believe that tyro prospector randolph scott accidentally stumbles on a gold strike after just a few lessons from prospector gabby hayes on how to find gold .    this was gabby hayes's farewell feature film part .  it would have been better had he gone out in a good western and in fact he had done a couple of better ones with randolph scott before this .   i will say this ,  though no caribou made any appearance in the film ,  this is one of the few canadian locale films from the past that did not have any mounties .    but if i were you unless you are a big fan of randolph scott or gabby hayes ,  take the next detour off the cariboo trail . 
it gets really bad .  the only half-way redeeming quality is the effects from the thousands of bullets used during the film .  there are context errors everywhere .  the acting is horrible ,  save kirk .  the story is as holey as the grail ,  and the belief that the movie is a video game in itself just kills the movie ,  if it wasn't already a corpse .  so all in all it's a waste of your life .  i would have given this a zero had that been an option on the rating scale . 
the question ,  when one sees a movie this bad ,  is not necessarily ,   " how did a movie this bad get made ?  "  or even ,   " why did i see this awful in the first place ?  "  but ,   " what have i learned from this experience ?  "  here's what i learned :   - just because the  " rules "  of horror movies have been catalogued and satirized countless times in the last ten years doesn't mean someone won't go ahead and make a movie that uses all of them ,  without a shred of humor or irony .   - if your movie has to be described as **loosely** based on the video game ,  you have script problems .   - the black character may not always die first ,  but the asian character does always know kung-fu .   - while you may be proud that you figured out how to do the  " the matrix effect "  on a budget ,  that doesn't necessarily mean you should use it over and over again ad nausea .   - being ron howard's brother does not guarantee choice roles .   - whenever a scene doesn't edit together ,  just use some footage from the video game ,  no one will notice .   - if your cousin's rap-metal band offers to write your movie's theme for free ,  politely decline .   - zombie movies are not about people killing zombies .  they're about zombies killing people ,  preferably in the most gruesome way possible .  that's what makes them scary .   - white people who can pay $1600 to get to a rave deserve to die .   - if you find an old book ,  it will tell you everything you need to know .  anything else you will figure out on your own two lines after someone asks ,   " what was that ?  "  or ,   " where are we ?  "   - bare breasts are not horror movie panacea .   - a helicopter boom shot and a licensing deal with sega magically transforms your movie from  " student film "  to  " major studio release "  .  try it !   - just because you can name-drop all three  " living dead "  movies ,  that does not make you george romero .  or even paul w .  s .  anderson .   i've seen worse movies ,  but only because i've seen  " mortal kombat :  annihilation .  " 
what can i say ?  i ignored the reviews and went to see it myself .  damn the reviews were so right .  what a waste of money considering it's budget .   good thing ,  i went to see kill bill after this one .   to see a really scary movie ,  would be crossroads !   bottom line-- i like  " girl in gold boots "  better than this crap . 
this film was done in really poor taste .  the script was really bad .  i feel really sad for the late gregory peck who took on the title role of this b-movie adaptation of one of history's greatest generals .  the movie was politically incorrect and downright insensitive to the others who fought the japanese in world war 2 .  there was a scene where i almost vomited ,  it showed macarthur in a bunker in corregidor island talking to the troops like a seasoned politician when he comes across a wounded ,  one legged filipino soldier .  the soldier bleeding and dying manages to sit up straight upon seeing the general and says  :  `no papa ,  no mama ,  no uncle sam' and macarthur gives his little pep talk that americans `would never abandon' the philippines .  the scene ends with the soldier being invigorated by macarthur's words and gives him a smart salute .  i mean if there was a more condescending scene portraying the u . s .  as the great white savior of the world please tell me because this one takes the cake .  it showed that filipinos are damsels in distress incapable of honor and have to rely on the great americans solely for redemption .  it blatantly and purposely overshadowed the contributions of the members of the usaffe  ( united states armed forces of the far east )  ,  these are filipino volunteers that were integrated in the us military during world war 2 ,  who died side by side with the americans fighting the japanese ,  who walked side by side with americans in the death march of bataan and defended corregidor island by launching a guerilla offensive after macarthur left for australia with his famous `i shall return' speech .  my late grandfather ,  a filipino world war 2 veteran and usaffe soldier was one of the many who fought the japanese with honor and love for the home country .  i think this movie does not give honor to them and to the thousands of others that macarthur relied on for intelligence preparations for his famous return in the leyte gulf landing . 
when i go to see a movie about zombie's ,  i'm not expecting oscar calibre performances ,  or writing on the level of the godfather ,  but i do expect the actors to at least not look like their straining to read their cue cards ,  and dialogue that doesn't sound like it was typed out 10 minutes before the actor reads it into the camera .  this movie was just awful ,  i actually got up and left about 25 minutes in and went next door and watched cold creek manor ,  that wasn't very good either ,  but it seemed like citizen kane compared to this pile of crap .  on the plus side ,  the girls were very pretty ,  that's probably the only thing that kept me in my seat for longer than the first 5 minutes ,  in fact i left after the hottest one got killed ,  there wasn't anything to hold my interest after that . 
i have never seen a worse movie .   it is possible to take a shootem up video game and make it into a decent movie .   mistake 1 :  absolutely no connection to any of the characters .  in this movie you don't bond with any of the characters because .  .  .  you don't get a chance .   the only character that is sympathetic or even interesting is the deck hand :  salish as played by clint howard .  except for this unique character ,  the outcome of the movie is meaningless as all the characters were lifeless from the begining .   mistake 2 :  the worst gunfight scene ever .  i love gunfights .  i love when the heros open up on the badguys and clean house .  heck i even like to watch a badguy clean house sometimes .  but this gunfight was weird i guess that the best way to describe it is  " apathetic "  i've seen people shoot with more feeling and emotion while playing the videogame .  in this movie it looked and felt like the  " actors "  were simply walking through shooting everything that moved without emotion .   why ?  where's the trash talking ?  where's the snarls of rage amongst the gunfire ?  these are supposed to be kids that got caught at a rave gone bad .  .  .  but even real soldiers acting professionally and ruthlessly show their humanity .   if you want a good horror movie about a secluded house full of monsters ,  i recomend sam rami's evil dead series .  do not see the disaster that is house of the dead .  i hope that they burn the master and all copies of this movie . 
i usually like zombie movies ,  but this one was just plain bad .   the good parts :  girl swimming topless with thong bottoms ,  sonya salomaa's topless ,  and ona grauer's boobs jiggling in a skimpy top when she ran .   the bad part :  too much video cuts ,  too much matrix slow motion  ( it drags the action )  ,  not enough blood and guts ,  bad acting ,  and no story .  the only other person in the theater was smart and left right after the topless swimming scene .  a total waste of $6 and time .  i give it a 2 out of 10 . 
this is about the worst movie i have ever seen .  this movie does match the quality of such movies as  " they "  &  " cabin fever "  ,  but even those had name actors where this one fell short .  the  " eye candy "  of this movie looked to be a 50 woman with a bad face lift .   ( just an example of the quality )  .  i would have rated this movie in the negative if possible .  ladies i have to tell you that the men were not bad to look at ,  but not much either .  if you were planning on going to see this movie i would strongly recommend saving your money . 
you know you're in trouble when the opening narration basically tells you who survives .  it all goes downhill from there .  unnecessary ,   " matrix " -influenced bullet-time camera work .  pointless cuts to video game footage .  crusty old sea captains and wacky seamen .  ravers who become skilled combatants in the blink of an eye .  even the zombies are boring .   i was hoping for at least a  " so bad it's good "  zombie movie ,  but this one is  " so bad those involved with its creation should be barred from ever making a movie again "  .   
the house of the dead was the worst movie i have ever seen ,  between the pathetic 'matrix' 360 camera angle attemps and the cheesy acting i fell asleep .  i don't think that the director and set manager could decide whether it was raining or not ,  because there would be rain on one side of the boat and not the other .  i would rate this movie a 1 out of 10 ,   ( 10 being the best ,  1 being the worst )  .  also jumping scenes from the movie to the game was really annoying ,  it makes you wonder if they were just making up for lose time .  i beg anyone who reads this ,  not to see it .  it's not worth the time . 
the thing about calling  " house of the dead "  the worst movie of all time is that it's really not .  there are worse movies out there .  i watch alot of hong kong ninja movies that are basically the result of an unfinished japanese police drama having footage of ninjas inserted at the end to create something that could technically be called  " a movie .  "   house of the dead is however one of the worst films i've ever seen at the theatres .  walking out half way through ,  i actually felt i was somewhat dumber for having set through 45 minutes of this piece of garbage . 
it is cheese .  if all you want is a video game ,  complete with what look like straight-from-the-computer cutaway sequences for action the film was too cheap to actually make special effects for ,  this is it .  my friend and i actually had a great time seeing it ,  since the theatre was mostly empty and we could heckle a bit .  this movie really requires heckling .   plot ?  there was a plot ?  ok ,  some stupid college or later types get invited to  " the rave of the year "  and go to one of the san juan islands  (  " if they'd only stayed back in seattle ,  they would have survived .  "  - direct quote ,  or nearly .  )  to attend .  they get there and everyone is gone ,  and the site is somewhat wrecked  ( but hey ,  the keg is still full !  )  .  with the help of a crusty old captain and a coast guard woman  ( who acted only slightly less tough - and slightly less well - than cynthia rothrock )  ,  they fight lots of zombies  ( some which spit acid )  ,  get an earful of freaky legends ,  and mostly get killed .  that's about it .   it's not quite as bad as demonicus ,  but not by much ,  and still better than severed  ( they are sort of my own personal alpha and omega for bad movies - the former is bad but fun to heckle ,  and the latter is just too freaking bad to watch more than once )  .  on the other hand ,  if you're expecting a video game movie as excellent as resident evil ,  run away !  !  !  run away now !  !  !   ok ,  some real big questions  ( without too many spoilers )  :  since when did spanish ships of the 18th century venture into the pacific northwest ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  why is anyone in the pacific northwest smuggling guns ,  and to whom - canada ,  for crying out loud ?  ?  ?  why is a rave on an unnamed  ( oh ,  excuse me ,  it's called  " isla del muerto "  ,  shya ,  right )  san juan island - and outdoors ,  still keeping in mind this is the pacific northwet .  and the rave has about 30 people in attendance -  " the rave of the year ,  "  my patoot .   lucky thing there's lots of hatchets around .  lots of them .  everyone has them .  must be a hatchet sales outlet nearby .   finally ,  while the movie started out playing with a little  " parody "   ( with nudges at i know what you did and jaws )  ,  it didn't carry it through near enough .   ok ,  really finally - when the introductory comments  ( in a voice-over ,  no less )  casually mention that one of the characters  " gave up her boyfriend to focus on her fencing "  you can be darn sure there'll be some fencing by the end of the movie .  not good fencing ,  but a couple of people hacking at each other with swords ,  anyway . 
okay ,  let me start off by saying that nothing in this will come as a surprise to anyone who's read the other comments .  that being said ,  my g-d ,  this movie reeked !  i mean ,  wow ,  i didn't know it was possible to throw as much money as they obviously did at something and still come out worse than any roger corman movie !  corman was probably pitched this movie at some point but declined due to the poor quality of the script !  the only reason this movie got made in the first place is that someone said ,  'hey ,  zombies are popular .  video games are popular .  what game can we get a hold of that has zombies in it ?  resident evil ?  no ,  someone else got there first .  silent hill ?  no ,  too silent .  people will never sit in a dark room just to be scared silly .  hey ,  didn't sega have a game where people ran around shooting zombies ?  they're out of the platform biz ,  we could get that for pennies ! '  basically they tried their best to make a movie that felt like the video game ,  even down to shooting the combat as if the characters were actually playing the game .   the first and major problem is that the original game was horrid .  i mean ,   bad-movie-merchandising-made-into-a-worse-game-in-two-weeks-and-then-shippe d-out-and-bought-by-morons-and-their-parents-for-christmas horrid .  the graphics were boring .  the monsters were boring .  the levels were boring .  the interface was boring .  the case was boring .  in other words ,  this was a boring game .  and that was the arcade version .  the home version was even worse !  with the home version ,  you didn't even get the shotgun to hold in your hand while you were being bored silly by this pointless game !  but i digress .   the second problem is that they went so far as to actually intercut scenes from actual gameplay during the fight scenes .  huh ?  ?  ?  didn't the editor have enough confidence in the effects to indicate that there was an actual fight going on ?  not to mention that every fight was shot from the perspective of a video game ,  which may explain the tedious use of matrix-style effects .  the problem with this is that the game was a first-person shooter  ( the player proceeds from the pov of the character )  .  maybe that's why they put in the game graphics ,  to let you know that they were alluding to the game .  .  .  right ,  whatever .  .  .   anyway ,  the only thing that made this entire experience remotely enjoyable was the fact that everyone in the theatre was making fun of the movie out loud ,  so my sudden fits of hysterical laughter and general incredulity were taken as commonplace and didn't get me kicked out .   to sum up ,  don't go see this movie !  don't even deign to rent it when it comes out on video in a couple of week .  run .  just run . 
i usually try to be professional and constructive when i criticize movies ,  but my god !  !  !  this was the worst movie i have ever seen .  bad acting ,  bad effects ,  bad script ,  bad everything !    the plot follows a group of teen cliche's on their way to a rave  ( that takes place in broad daylight )  at a remote island .  however ,  when the group arrives ,  all they find is an empty dance floor and bloody clothes .  determined to find out what happened to the rest of the party-goers ,  the clan set's off on a mission through a zombie-infested forest .  during this crusade ,  they are aided by a police chick and a sea captain that just happens to have the right number of weapons to give to each of the kids .  they also meet up with jonathan cherry and some other survivors .  basically the rest of the movie is a collection of poorly directed action sequences including a far too long shootout outside of the  " house of the dead .  "  this fight came complete with cheesy hollywood violence ,  redundant clips from the hotd video game ,  and sloppy matrix-esque camera rotations .  one of the character's even volunteers to sacrifice himself to save the others .  why ?  not because he was noble and brave ,  but because part of his face got scarred by acid a zombie spat on him after he continued to beat the creature long after it had been disabled !  i'm supposed to feel sorry for this guy ?  !  ?   to sum it all up ,  there is absolutely no point in seeing this movie unless you want to see for yourself just how terrible it is .  the theater i was in was more dead than the zombies on the screen ,  and i'm sure the money i wasted seeing this piece of sh*t could easily cover the costs it took to make it .  grade :  f
just like everybody else have said ,  the acting is awful ,  no story or whatsoever ,  poor directing .  about the sfx ,  the 360 degree ,  matrix style shooting ,  1 shoot is stupid enough ,  but for each characters .  i mean come on gimme a break .  and what's up with all those video game scenes ,  just to remind us it's a  " video game adaptation "  ?  jesus ,  they should have fired whoever think up this idea .   0 . 00001/10
when george c .  scott played the title role in  " patton ,  "  you saw him directing tanks with pumps of his fist ,  shooting at german dive bombers with a revolver ,  and spewing profanity at superiors and subordinates alike .  the most action we get from gregory peck as  " macarthur ,  "  a figure from the same war of debatably greater accomplishment ,  is when he taps mapboards with his finger and raises that famous eyebrow of his .   comparing peck's performance with scott's may be unfair .  yet the fact  " macarthur "  was made by the same producer and scored by the same composer begs parallels ,  as does the fact both films open with the generals addressing cadets at west point .  it's clear to me the filmmakers were looking to mimic that oscar-winning film of a few years before .  but while peck looks the part more than scott ever did ,  he comes off as mostly bland in a story that feels less like drama than a wikipedia walkthrough of macarthur's later career .    " to this day there are those who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived ,  "  an opening title crawl tells us .  it's a typical dishwater bit of post-vietnam sophistry about those who led america's military ,  very much of its time ,  but what we get here is neither view .  macarthur as presented here doesn't anger or inspire the way he did in life .   director joseph sargent ,  who went on to helm the famous turkey  " jaws the revenge ,  "  does a paint-by-numbers job with bland battle montages and some obvious set use  ( as when the chinese attack u . s .  forces in korea )  ,  while the script by hal barwood and matthew robbins trots out a macarthur who comes across as good-natured to the point of blandness ,  a bit too caught up in his public image ,  but never less than decent .   here you see him stepping off the landing craft making his return to the phillipines .  there you see him addressing congress in his  " old soldiers never die "  speech .  for a long stretch of time he sits in a movie theater in toyko ,  waiting for the north koreans to cross the 38th parallel so we can get on with the story while newsreel footage details japan's rise from the ashes under his enlightened rule .  peck's co-actors ,  marj dusay as his devoted wife  (  " you're my finest soldier "  )  and nicolas coaster as a loyal aide ,  burnish teary eyes in the direction of their companion's magnificence but garner no interest on their own .   even when he argues with others ,  peck never raises his voice and for the most part wins his arguments with thunderous eloquence .  when admiral nimitz suggests delaying the recapture of the philippines ,  a point of personal pride as well as tactical concern for macarthur ,  macarthur comes back with the comment :   " just now ,  as i listened to his plan ,  i thought i saw our flag going down .  "  doubtless the real nimitz would have had something to say about that ,  but the character in the movie just bows his head and meekly accepts the insult in the presence of president roosevelt .   the only person in the movie who macarthur seriously disagrees with is harry s truman ,  who ed flanders does a fine job with despite a prosthetic nose that makes him resemble toucan sam .  truman's firing of macarthur should be a dramatic high point ,  but here it takes place in a quiet dinner conversation ,  in which peck plays macarthur as nothing less than a genial martyr .   i've never been sold by peck's standing at the upper pantheon of screen stars ;  he delivers great presence but lacks complexity even in many of his best-known roles .  but it's unfair to dock him so much here ,  as he gets little help defining macarthur as anything other than a speechifying bore .  except for two scenes ,  one where he rails against the surrender of the philippines  (  " he struck old glory and ran up a bedsheet !  "  )  and another where he has a mini-breakdown while awaiting the u . s .  invasion of inchon ,  inveighing against communists undermining him at the white house ,  peck really plays peck here ,  not the complex character who inspired the famous sobriquet  " american caesar .  "  the real macarthur might have been worthy of such a comparison .  what you get here is less worthy of shakespeare than shakes the clown . 
if there were a movie that deserved a 0 out of 10 ,  this would be it .  'house of the dead' redefines the term  " bad movie "  .  other bad movies ,  such as 'when a stranger calls' or 'premonition' ,  will actually look much better when compared to 'house of the dead' .  the basic  " plot "  of house of the dead is a group of twenty-somethings travel to a remote island to attend the  " rave of the century "  .  when they get there ,  they only find some tents ,  a bar ,  a stage ,  and some bloody t-shirts .  they decide to stay anyway ,  and they are soon attacked by zombies .   there is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie .  it is not entertaining .  instead ,  it is painful to watch because of how terrible it is .  the acting is unbelievably bad .  in a dvd interview ,  one of the actors claimed that uwe boll ,  the director ,  is not afraid to tell someone when they are doing a good job or a bad job in a scene .  this is a blatant lie .  the script appears to have been written by an 11-year-old ,  who decided to include a scene of someone throwing up on a girl's chest and to include the hilarious line ,   " it smells like someone farted out here .  "  the characters have no personality or depth and they do some of the most moronic things ever seen in a horror movie .  somewhere along the way ,  the characters also magically transform into a swat team to take down the zombies .  it's like they don't even have to aim their guns and they automatically shoot the zombies in the head .   the scariest thing by far about this movie is the directing .  there is something wrong with uwe boll .  boll's camera work is astonishingly disjointed .  his pans to zombies running through the forest are more silly than menacing .  worse yet ,  boll actually thought it would be a good idea to include small bits of footage from the house of the dead video game into the movie .  quite often ,  and at the most random times ,  you will suddenly see an animated zombie getting shot .  it makes no sense .  no one in their right mind would think that was a good idea .  it's like boll wants to remind us repeatedly that this movie is supposed to be based on the video game .  uwe boll also decided it would be cool to include slow motion 360 degree rotating shots during the action scenes ,  a la 'the matrix' .  unfortunately ,  he does it way too often and each shot is nauseating .  the soundtrack to this movie also boggles the mind .  most action scenes are accompanied by loud rap track .  this also adds to the ensuing headaches caused by the atrocious 'house of the dead' .   'house of the dead' isn't bad because it's based on a video game .  in fact ,  it has very little to do with the video game .  it also does not fit into the category of 'so bad that it's good' .  it does however fit into the category of 'so bad that it's painful' .  this movie just plain sucks .  uwe boll should never be let anywhere near another movie set .  even his presence will curse a production .  to all the directors out there :  whenever one of your movies gets a bad review ,  all you have to do is remember that you didn't make 'house of the dead' and you will feel much better .  i will never get those 90 minutes of my life back .  to sum it up ,  words really cannot describe just how bad this movie is .  everyone involved in the production of this film ,  especially uwe boll ,  should be ashamed of themselves .  although what i have said may make 'house of the dead' sound funny ,  it really isn't .  nothing about it is funny .  avoid this at all costs . 
f*ck me !  i've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this takes the p*ss !   honestly i can't express in words how bad this film actually is .  besides the plot that isn't really there ,  the comically crap acting ,  the hilariously dreadful excuses for zombies ;  you know what ,  i could go on all day .  every little thing in this film is either stupid ,  pointless ,  crap or embarrassing .  i express to anyone who wants to watch this movie .  .  .  don't !   i'm ashamed to say ,  i have this on my rack .  it's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile .  i couldn't even give this horse-sh*t excuse for a film away .  that's how bad it is . 
wow !  i didn't know that someone would make this movie !  its awful !  i have written down 5 things that can tell why u do not want to see this movie .   number 1 :   " its the biggest rave ever "  where is the that rave ?  i could only see a few people dancing around .  .    2 .  when they are on the rave , they can only see blood everywhere , no people , two ruined tents and one stage .  .  and what do they do !  ?  they drink !   3 . the worst actors i have ever seen !  the captain and his crew .  .  awful !    4 .  when one of the people is firing an ordinary gun ,  he shoots almost 30 times without reloading !    5 .  i didn't knew every person in the world could fight as a pro !  must be a new thing .  .   i wonder what the producer was thinking !   " this is going to be a big hit ,  its gonna be a classic "   .  .  sure u dumb s**t anyway don't see this movie ,  its a waist of time .  my eyes are still bleeding ! 
you know that feeling of hilarity you get when you watch a film that's trying so hard to be a serious ,  thought provoking piece of cinema and fails miserably ?  when you can't help but bust out laughing at the sheer terrible nature of the trash littering your screen ?   " house of the dead "  struggles to achieve even this low graded level of cinema .   from start to end  " house of the dead "  manages to recreate the feeling like you've just woken up to find out that the cat has laid it's curled business neatly on your forehead while you slept .  it is clear from the start that the female actors have been cast for their cleavage size  ( which they exploit shamelessly )  whereas the males for their hardcore  " kick-ass "  attitude .  i honestly did not care any of the characters for any moment of the film and found myself actually wishing their demise so as to spare me a good hour of this torture .  uwe boll should have considered screening two hours of footage from the actual game as a movie .  at least then we'll get better acting however not all blame can be placed on the actors as it is certainly a challenge to produce a convincing film when faced with the script of this film .  it is arguably the worst section of the film and actually contains such lines as :   " these are zombies ,  pure and simple "  and  " no cap'n ,  we must not go there !  it's evil !  "  .   we all know that zombie movies are never going to be particularly thought provoking or full of meaning ;  at best they are a harmless two hours of action ,  blood and closet terror .  trash ,  yes ,  but entertaining trash .  not the kind of trash which bursts out of your bin bag as you haul it across the room and smothers your shoes in sour milk cartons and decaying banana skins .  according to imdb ,   " house of the dead "  received such bad reviews that no danish cinemas bought the movie .  if only we could have had the same privilege .   final score :  1/10 . 
i have watched some pretty poor films in the past ,  but what the hell were they thinking of when they made this movie .  had the production crew turned into zombies when they came up with the idea of making it ,  because you sure have to be brain dead to find any enjoyment in it .   i am a fan of most genres and enjoy  " shoot 'em up "  games ,  but merging the daft scenes from the game just made this ridiculous and unwatchable .   as most have already said ,  there was hardly any script and the acting was weak .  i won't waste my time describing it .   anyone who rates this film above 4 has to be part of the production company or sega ,  or else they have a very warped concept of entertainment .   i must say ,  i was more annoyed with the video shop ,  who gave this a thumbs up ,  which led me to rent it .  thank god i had a second film to watch to restore some of my faith in movies .   comic book guy would be right if he said  " worst movie ever "  ! 
this is the only film i've seen that is made by uwe boll ,  i knew that he is probably the worst director ever who always makes films based on video games also that  " house of the dead "  is one of imdb bottom 100 .  but i still wanted to watch it because i'm a huge fan of the game and i wanted to see what doe's the film have that makes it so bad .  after watching it i do agree that it is crap ,  the movie had no story .  in the first 15-20 minutes there was nothing but topless teenage girls with no brains running about  ( for a moment there i was wondering are the zombies brain-dead ?  or the girls are ?  )  then at night time the zombies popped out of nowhere & started attacking people later a woman started shooting them i mean it takes you one place then the other every 5 minutes .  is it supposed to be a comedy ?  ,  or horror ?  or both ?  before i knew it i fell asleep at the second half & woke up during the end credits so i did not manage to watch all of it ,  which is a good thing !  the film is a true insult to the classic game ,  uwe boll please do not make any more films .  thank you ! 
this movie has received a lot of bad press from people who don't understand what it was meant to be .  one must understand that this movie was never meant to be taken seriously .  it's camp ,  along the same lines as  " army of darkness .  "  aod was silly ,  but funny and bad in a good way .   " house of the dead "  fails to be  " good bad .  "  .   there are qualities inherent in good campy movies ,  most important of those being believable fantasy .  one needs to believe what's happening in a movie to see the humor when a situation goes incredibly wrong .  without boundaries ,  the movie becomes absurd .  hotd lacks any believability .   worse still ,  hotd brings nothing new to the genre ,  and repeats the same plot twists and character reactions that many horror movies inevitably start to exhibit .  for example ,  all too often ,  horror movies fall into the trap where the main characters find love amongst the gore and destruction .  i don't know about you ,  but when i'm being chased by zombies ,  i wanna make out with a hot chick .  believe it ?  no ?  then ,  you probably won't believe it when the characters start sucking each other's faces in this movie .   beyond the obvious issues that plague this movie like so many other horror movies ,  uwe boll elected to add scenes from the video game of zombies being shot ,  randomly whenever a character shoots a zombie in the movie .  not only is there no clear rationale for this artistic choice ,  but it distracts one from an already unbelievable plot .  further ,  there are frequent and numerous examples of bad acting ,  and seemingly no attempts by the director to guide the actors' reactions to events .  .  .  leaving the movie with no redeeming qualities .  avoid .  .  . 
this is by far the worst movie i have ever watched .  i've seen some pretty awful movies in my time but this ones takes the cake ,  no ,  wait ,  i mean the the whole damn bakery .  it is so bad that i believe a word to describe the way you will feel after watching this atrocity has yet to be created .  please just do yourself a favor ,  if you ever get the urge to watch this and watch thirty minutes of that annoying purple dinosaur barney ,  then multiply that thirty times fold and you would still only get a small fraction of the horror you would be in store for .  in summation ,  i guess you really can call it a horror movie ,  but only if you're willing to be scared senseless by the worst acting in the business and utterly pointless story .   real rating ,  -10 disgusting
well ,  i had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this puddle of ooze .  why ?  because i have to let it be known to all of you just how bad this movie is .  it's unbelievably bad .  just to let you in on how bad it is ,  i'll offer this little detail about the movie .  during scenes of mayhem ,  which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies ,  they intercut scenes from the video game .  yes ,  you heard me right .  this movie really sucks .  in fact ,  it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days .  and to see corn filled crap like this ?  there is no story to speak of and the movie basically has nothing to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really cheap kills .  i'm really disappointed with this ,  knowing that i watched it .  ok ,  i'm dumbstruck .  it's so bad i can't even find the words .  rating :  zero out of ***** . 
although i have to admit i laughed more watching this movie than the last few comedies i saw .   the budget must have consisted of pocket change from the actors .  the production values are so low that they actual made it kind of fun to watch .  reminds me of the robot monster made up of a guy in a gorilla suit with a cardboard diving helmet on .   in one scene a hapless victim gets their arm and leg cut off .  geez ,  hard to believe but the black knight scene from holy grail was more realistic .  i kept wondering why the victim didn't start shouting  "  none shall pass "  and  "  it's only a flesh wound ,  i've had worse "  .  it was one of the funniest scenes i've seen in the past year .   the  " gladiator/demon "  was a stitch too .  between the horribly cheap costume and the geeky look of the guy in it the end result was hysterical .   truly a movie that is bad enough to be watchable .  kind of like seeing a slow motion auto accident on film .   
i found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store .  that seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there .  from romero's 'dead' trilogy to '28 days later . ' however upon watching it ,  you can quickly see what this movie really is .   it is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory .  there is no horror here folks .  just some half-way decently staged action scenes which soon grow tiresome because they last .  .  .  and last .  .  .  and last .  .  .  and soon you get the feeling maybe you're dvd player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes ,  but no ,  this is how they actually made the movie .  it's a pity .  i think anyone could find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' crud .  though some of the 360 effects were cool ,  but once again ,  they were over used and grew tedious since it was the same stunt over and over again each time ,  just with a different character .   also what is royally annoying is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game .  i've played the game .  it sucks .  so why did they put it in here ?  oh that's right ,  this isn't a movie but a music video ,  and it's a poor one at that .  3/10  rated r :  a lot of violence/gore ,  and profanity
okay ,  so i'm not a big video game buff ,  but was the game house of the dead really famous enough to make a movie from ?  sure ,  they went as far as to actually put in quick video game clips throughout the movie ,  as though justifying any particular scene of violence ,  but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same ,  with the hand in the bottom on the screen ,  supposedly your own ,  holding whatever weapon and goo-ing all kinds of aliens or walking dead or snipers or whatever the case may be .   it's an interesting premise in house of the dead ,  with a lot of college kids  ( loaded college kids ,  as it were ,  kids who are able to pay some fisherman something like $1 , 500 just for a ride after they miss their boat )  trying to get out to this island for what is supposed to be the rave of the year .  the first thing that comes to mind about house of the dead after watching it is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise in coming up with creative ways to get a lot of scantily clad teenagers into exactly the same situations .  at least in this case ,  the fact that they were on their way to a rave excuses the way the girls are dressed .  they look badly out of place running around the woods in cute little halter-tops ,  but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion .   clint howard ,  tellingly the most interesting character in the film by far ,  delivers an absolutely awful performance ,  the greatness of which overshadows every other actor in the movie .  i can't stand it when well-known actors change their accents in movies ,  it is so rarely effective ,  and howard here shows that it is equally flat to have an well-known actor pretend that he's this hardened fisherman with a raspy voice from years of breathing salty air .  he didn't even rasp well .  it sounded like he was eating a cinnamon roll before shooting and accidentally inhaled some powdered sugar or something .  real tough there ,  clint !  i expected more from him ,  but then again ,  he did agree to a part in this mess .   once we get to the island ,  the movie temporarily turns into any one of the friday the 13th movies that took place at camp crystal lake .  lots of teenagers played by actors who were way too old for their parts getting naked and then killed .  the nudity was impressive ,  i guess ,  but let's consider something for a minute .  these kids pay almost two grand to get out to this island to go to the rave of the year ,  find no one ,  and say ,  well ,  who wants a beer !  even the guy who pulled that stack of hundreds out of his wallet to get them all over there didn't think anything of it that they found a full bar and not a single solitary person in sight .  here you have the input from director uwe boll - there's alcohol !  they won't notice that the party they came for consists of no one but themselves !   so not only do they start drinking ,  not minding the fact that the whole party seems to have vacated the island ,  but when one of the girls goes off into the dark woods to find out where everyone is  ( dragging one other girl and one of the guys reluctantly along )  ,  the guy and the girl who stay behind to get smashed decide that it would be a great idea to strip down for a quickie now that they're alone .  it's like they expected to find the island empty ,  and now that they rest of the people that they came over with were gone for a little while ,  they would have some privacy since there's no one else around .  brilliant !   now for the things that everyone hated ,  judging by the reviews that i've read about the movie .  yes ,  intersplicing shots from the video game into the movie ,  mostly in order to show that ,  yes ,  the movie was being faithful to/directly copying the video game .  sure ,  it was a stupid idea .  i can't imagine who thought up that little nugget ,  but worse than that is the matrix-style bullet time scenes that were thrown in over and over and over and over .  after the first time  ( at which point i found it pretentious and cheesy for a movie like this to have a shot like that as though it was something original )  it is noticeable more for the technique of the shot itself rather than any dramatic meaning or creation of any kind of tension for the film .   one of the things that makes a zombie film scary and gets you on the edge of your seat is to have them slowly but relentlessly coming after the living humans ,  who are much faster but getting tired ,  running out of places to run ,  and with a terrifying shortage of things with which to fight the zombies off with .  the first two are done right in the movie ,  the kids are terrified and don't have a lot of places to run since they're on an island ,  but since they caught a ride over with a smuggler ,  they find themselves heavily armed .  and i mean that very strongly .  i mean ,  these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades ,  which removes most of the tension of the impending walking dead .   then you have what i call the techno-slasher scene .  since the rave never happened ,  and i guess since uwe boll thought people were going to be disappointed at not hearing any techno music in the movie ,  there's one scene right in the middle where all the humans are fighting off the living dead ,  and amazingly enough it turns into something of a music video .  there's techno music blasting as the shots are edited together faster and faster until it's nothing but a blur of gory shot ,  mostly only about 5 frames long  ( which is about 1/6 of a second )  flashing across the screen in time with the speed techno music .  clever ,  i guess ,  but it has no place in a horror movie because it completely removes any sense of scariness or tension of even the gross-out effect because you can't see any one thing for long enough to react to it .  you're just watching these shots fly across the screen and wondering what the hell the director was thinking when he decided that it would be a good idea to put something like this in the movie .   i've seen a lot of people compare this movie to resident evil ,  mostly claiming that it copies the premise of it ,  and they're exactly right .  i appreciate that at least here ,  as was not the case in resident evil ,  it wasn't some man-made virus that turned people into walking dead that were able to infect other people ,  changing them the way vampires turn others into vampires .  28 days later was also clearly an inspiration for this movie ,  it's just too bad that house of the dead didn't do a single original thing ,  except for the somewhat moronic idea of putting in quick shots of the video game on which it is based ,  just in case you forget .  i really think that this should have been a much better movie .  while obviously i can't say that i know much about the game it's based on ,  just the title and the movie poster deserve a much better movie ,  but unfortunately i think that's more often the case than not with horror movies .  it's really kind of sad when a movie comes out that is so obviously advertised as a no-holds-barred horror film ,  and the scariest thing in the entire movie is the closing shot ,  which suggests the possibility of a sequel . 
ok ,  first of all ,  i am a huge zombie movie fan .  i loved all of romero's flicks and thoroughly enjoyed the re-make of dawn of the dead .  so when i had heard every single critic railing this movie i was still optimistic .  i mean ,  critics hated resident evil ,  and while it may not be a particularly great film ,  i enjoyed it if not for the fact that it was just a fun zombie shoot-em up with a half decent plot .  this however ,  is pure crap .  terrible dialogue ,  half-assed plot ,  and video game scenes inserted into the film .  who in their right mind thought that was a good idea .  the only thing about this movie  ( i use the term loosely )  that i enjoyed was jurgen prochnow as captain kirk  ( ugh )  .  while his name throws originality out the window ,  you can see in his performance that he knows he's in a god awful film and he might as well make the best of it .  everyone else acts as if they're doing shakespeare .  and very badly i might add .  basically the only reason anyone should see this monstrosity is if you a .  )  are a huge zombie buff and must see every zombie flick made or b .  )  like to play mst3k ,  the home game .  see it with friends and be prepared for tons of unintentional laughs .   
laid up and drugged out ,  as a kidney stone wended its merry way through my scarred urinary tract ,  with absolutely nothing better to do than let the painkillers swoon me into semi-oblivion ,  i happened to catch this movie on cable .  i wouldn't want anyone to think that i paid to view it in a cinema ,  or rented it ,  or  heaven forfend !   that i watched it straight .   having played this sensationally gruesome video game and avidly trod the doomed rooms and dread passageways of the house ,  battling chariot  ( type 27 )  ,  the hanged man  ( type 041 )  ,  and other impossible sentinels ,  my curiosity was piqued as to how the game would transfer to the movie screen .   it doesn't .   the banal plot revolves around a group of  " crazy kids "   a la scooby doo  attending a remote island for a world-shaking  " rave "   whatever that is .   ( you kids today with your hula-hoops and your mini-skirts and your pat boone )  after bribing a boat captain thousands in cash to ferry them there  ( a stupidity which begs its own network of rhetoric )  ,  they find the  " rave "  deserted .   passing mention is made of a  " house "   presumably the titular house of the dead  but most of the action takes place on fake outdoor sets and other locales divorced from any semblance of haunted residence .   a fallen video camera acts as flashback filler ,  showing the island in the throes of a  party ?  !  is that it ?  oh ,  so this  " rave "  thingy is just a  " party "  ?  in the grand tradition of re-euphemizing  " used cars "  as  " pre-owned "  ,  or  " shell shock "  as  " post-traumatic stress disorder "  ,  the word  " party "  is now too square for you drug-addled ,  silicone-implanted ,  metrosexual jagoffs ?    it is learned that the party was broken up by rampaging zombies .  intelligent thought stops here  i don't think the pinheads who call themselves screenwriters and directors understand the mythos behind zombie re-animation .  zombies can't die  they're already un-dead .  they do not bleed ,  they know no pain .  unless their bodies are completely annihilated ,  they will continue being animated .  at least ,  that's what my jamaican witch priestess tells me .   which means that a  . 45 shot into their  " hearts "  is not going to stop them ,  nor will a machete to the torso .  and a shotgun blast to the chest will certainly not bring forth gouts of blood .  at least in the video game's logic ,  the shooter pumps so many rounds into each monster that it is completely decimated ,  leaving a fetid mush that cannot re-animate itself .   yet each actor-slash-model gets their matrix-circular-camera moment ,  slaying zombies on all fronts with single bullets and karate chops to the sternum .  seriously ,  these zombies are more ineffective than the stormtroopers from  " return of the jedi "  ,  who get knocked out when ewoks trip them .   i suppose the film's writer ,  mark altman ,  having penned the not-too-shabby  " free enterprise "  ,  felt compelled to insert a captain kirk reference ,  in the character of jurgen prochnow ,  who must have needed milk money desperately to have succumbed to appearing in this aromatic dung-swill .  there is also a reference to prochnow's primo role in the magnificent  " das boot "  ,  when one of the untrained b-actors mentions that he  " looks like a u-boat captain "  .   "  .  i wonder how many of this movie's target audience of square-eyed swine picked up on any of the snide references to other films ,  as when prochnow declares ,   " say hello to my little friend "  ,  presaging his machine gun moment .    aimed at a demographic who have not the wherewithal to comprehend the sisyphean futility of the video-game concept  ( i . e .  the game ends when you die  you cannot win )  ,  this is merely a slasher film for the mindless and mindless at heart .  accordingly ,  everyone dies in due course ,  except for a heterosexual pair of attractive white people .   a better use for this film's scant yet misused budget might have been to send the cast through acting school ,  although ona grauer's left breast did a good job ,  as did her right breast  and those slomo running scenes :  priceless !  i especially liked the final scene with ona trying to act like she's been stabbed ,  but looking like she's just eaten ice cream too fast .   attempting to do something more constructive with my time ,  i pulled out my digitally-restored ,  35th anniversary ,  special edition ,  widescreen anamorphic dvd of  " manos :  the hands of fate .  "  ah ,  yes !   the drugs were suitably brain-numbing - now here was some quality film-making   ( movie maniacs ,  visit :  www . poffysmoviemania . com ) 
this is one of the worst films i've seen .  the only positive thing i can say is it was so bad that is seemed comical .  first off ,  there's no plot .  the actors appear to be reading off cue cards and do the dumbest things .  such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends .  also the zombies were terrible ,  no where near as fun as any of romero's work ,  who gets s plug in the movie .  and the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences .  like we don't get the video game is about shooting zombies .  also ,  all the 20 somethings some how know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun .  and the way the people die is so stupid .  it's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on .  and when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open ,  so dumb .   final verdict :  if any of these actors appear in another film ,  then they've been blessed with a second chance .  definitely the worst film i've seen in years .  a b-movie on cinemax is better . 
there are some movies you just know they are going to be bad from frame one .  even if you were totally oblivious of ed wood's work ,  one look at that commentator from  " plan 9 from outer space "  and you just know you are not gonna see the next cinematic masterpiece .  just like that ,  when i saw the first shot of uwe bolls masterpiece  " house of dead "  ,  with that guy sitting at the front of the house starting his introduction while trying desperately to sound like he just arrived from sin city ,  i knew i'm in for a helluva ride .   so ,  the movie starts like this - first the lead character says that everybody else is going to die .  you know ,  to keep you wandering .  then he starts introducing the rest of the characters with lines like  " karma .  . thinks she's foxy brown "  or  " alicia .  . my ex .  .  we broke up recently .  .  i had to study and she had to fence "  .  no ,  i'm not kidding .   anyway ,  this bunch of 20-somethings who couldn't act their way out of a wet paper-bag are going to the  " rave of the century "  ,  rave in question being a few tents ,  a port-a-potty and a shoddy stage located on small island in the middle of the pacific .  our gang missed the ferry ,  but thankfully will find a way to get there ,  the way being a fisher-boat ran by kirk  ( cpt kirk ?  get it ?  man ,  whoever wrote this script is a genius )  and his sidekick who is a bastard child of simpsons' cpt mcallister and that hook killer who knows what you did last summer .   to make the long story short ,  the gang gets to the island ,  finds nobody there except some bloody t-shirts and then decide to run the hell away from there .  no wait ,  they do not ,  they actually get all happy and like cos there's free booze .   with that scene the movie hits rock bottom and then against all odds proceeds to go further downhill .  some guys in rubber suits start running around ,  there is some screaming and shooting ,  our gang goes to some house to meet some other gang ,  they go out of the house ,  meet cpt kirk and some police woman  ( who between them have about 500 pounds of weapons )  and then decide to go back to the house .  somewhere along the line they transform into a s . w . a . t .  team ,  enter the matrix ,  the rubber-suit guys start multiplying like bacteria and i start to cry because i actually paid to see this .  to add insult to the injury ,  every few minutes there are shots from the video game this crap is based on and there is a cute game-over cut-scene for a few characters when they die .   i seriously hate this movie .  it doesn't even fit in that famed  " so bad it's good "  category .  it's just plain bad .  the script is bad ,  the zombies are awful ,  there is no tension ,  lines are bad ,  actors are bad .  .  the list just goes on .   you will probably want to see this movie just because of its reputation of being awful .  don't .  there are bad movies that deserve to be watched .  this is not one of them . 
there are people out there who will greenlight anything !  that is the only explanation i can offer as to why the house of the dead movie exists .  and that's only scary part to the whole movie .  it's so bad you'll go off movies forever .  i seriously wanted to switch this off and turn the tv over to the paint drying channel but i was bound by my word to suffer the whole thing .  i don't know why i do these bad things to myself .   as if it matters ,  here's the basic jist of the 'story' .  a group of twenty-somethings are so desperate to go out to some island in the pacific northwest  ( canada actually ,  because it's cheap )  for the 'rave of the century'  ( which consists of about 8 people and un-raving music )  that they pay some craggy old fisherman $1000 to take them there after they miss the main ferry .  that's gotta be some rave to be worth all that dough !  the fisherman warns them that the island is also known as the island of the dead  ( hang on-i thought this was house of the dead ?  )  and that they are all doomed yadda yadda yadda .   first faults here .  why would a tiny little rave  ( of the century my foot !  )  be held on some remote island ?  why would anyone willingly pay loads of money to get it ?  why pay even more to the craggy old fisherman to take them back when they could just come back with the others ?   once they arrive they discover that the rave  ( which consists of about 2 tents ,  a small stage and a port-a-john )  has been smashed ,  there's blood everywhere and no one is around .  what would any rationally thinking person do ?  run for their lives of course .  but no ,  these clueless ,  obviously blind people decide to go look for them .  soon enough they discover an old ramshackle house that's 50 times as big on the inside as it is on the outside .  another half hour of stumbling around in the forest follows ,  as an excuse to kill of some of the lesser characters ,  and after much tedium they arrive back at the house again .  the characters ,  like the movie ,  go nowhere .   jammed into this ghastly disaster is a superabundance of gibberish dialogue ,  heinous acting ,  mumbo-jumbo exposition and zillions of clips from the once-popular arcade game of the same name .  why this was universally accepted as a good idea with the filmmakers i'll never know .  the clips have no reference to any of the scenes and only degrade this trash even further ,  if that is at all possible .   it has nothing to do with the game save for some cheap ,  throwaway line at the end .  it makes resident evil look like cinematic glory .  hell ,  even the double dragon movie seems multi-oscar worthy in comparison to this junk .  the only one who comes out of this with his dignity still intact is jurgen prochnow .  he could have just taken his money and ran but he tries his best with the awful script and brings a tiny bit of pathos to his character .  the rest of the cast suck i'm afraid .  the characters are idiots and deserve to die .   plus ,  if you cut out the swearing and pointless nudity ,  i see no reason why this film cannot be shown on saturday morning tv .  it's not frightening in the slightest .  pirates of the caribbean is more scary than the skeletal bad guys in this film .  and where did all those bad guys come from anyway ?  there were only a few people on the island to begin with .  i guess this justifies the reason they chose to reuse footage over and over .  i kid you not ,  you'll see the same zombie die a dozen times .   who's ultimately to blame for that scandalous waste of celluloid ?  none other than director uwe boll .  his control over the movie is non-existent .  you can clearly the see actors have no idea what they should be doing and that the zombies aren't really taking it all seriously .  the actors seem like they're reading off cue cards as they constantly pause in the middle of long sentences and carry on talking as soon as they see the next card .  it all feels very unnatural .   plus the film is shot like a two-part mini-series .  i have indeed seen better tv productions .  and don't get me started on the editing .  the film is an incoherent babble with thousands upon thousands of pointless shots and dozens of meaningless camera pans .  no real skill or talent was put into making this at all .  it truly baffles and boggles the mind how movies this unfathomably bad can get made and george a .  romero can't even get anyone to take his calls .  house of the dead makes some idiotic reference to romero in a lazy attempt to be 'post-modern' but it only irritates that they think this is in the same league as a real zombie movie .   for what it's worth ,  the 1 . 85 : 1 anamorphic picture looks great and the dolby 5 . 1 soundtrack is clean but very unimpressive and only serves to pronounce the heavily over-used adr even more .  the dvd comes with extras but why torture yourself .  isn't this review warning enough ?  stay away !  you are all doomed i tell you !  doomed !  doomed !  !  ! 
lynn hollister ,  a small-town lawyer ,  travels to the nearby big city on business connected with the death of his friend johnny .   ( yes ,  lynn is a man despite the feminine-sounding christian name .  were the scriptwriters trying to make a snide reference to the fact that john wayne's birth name was  " marion "  ?  )  hollister at first believes johnny's death to have been an accident ,  but soon realises that johnny was murdered .  further investigations reveal a web of corruption ,  criminality and election rigging connected to boss cameron ,  the leading light in city 's political machine .   that sounds like the plot of a gritty crime thriller ,  possibly made in the film noir style which was starting to become popular in 1941 .  it isn't .   " a man betrayed "  ,  despite its theme ,  is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama .  hollister falls in love with cameron's attractive daughter sabra ,  and the film then concentrates as much on their resulting romance as on the suspense elements .   this film might just have worked if it had been made as a straightforward serious drama .  one reviewer states that john wayne is not at all believable as a lawyer ,  but he couldn't play a cowboy in every movie ,  and a tough crusading lawyer taking on the forces of organised crime would probably have been well within his compass .  where i do agree with that reviewer is when he says that wayne was no cary grant impersonator .  romantic comedy just wasn't up his street .  one of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors could be required to play any part their bosses demanded of them ,  regardless of whether it was up their street or not ,  and as wayne was one of the few major stars working for republic pictures they doubtless wanted to get as much mileage out of him as they could .   that said ,  not even cary grant himself could have made  " a man betrayed "  work as a comedy .  that's not a reflection on his comic talents ;  it's a reflection on the total lack of amusing material in this film .  i doubt if anyone ,  no matter how well developed their sense of humour might be ,  could find anything to laugh at in it .  the film's light-hearted tone doesn't make it a successful comedy ;  it just prevents it from being taken seriously as anything else .  this is one of those films that are neither fish nor flesh nor fowl nor good red herring .  3/10
this is one of the dumbest films ,  i've ever seen .  it rips off nearly ever type of thriller and manages to make a mess of them all .   there's not a single good line or character in the whole mess .  if there was a plot ,  it was an afterthought and as far as acting goes ,  there's nothing good to say so ill say nothing .  i honestly cant understand how this type of nonsense gets produced and actually released ,  does somebody somewhere not at some stage think ,  'oh my god this really is a load of shite' and call it a day .  its crap like this that has people downloading illegally ,  the trailer looks like a completely different film ,  at least if you have download it ,  you haven't wasted your time or money don't waste your time ,  this is painful . 
one wonders how the script came to be written .   wayne and the other performers do an ok job but as it is neither comedy ,  romantic thriller or anything else it is all rather disappointing .   one feels as if one of the threads had been pursued it could have been something worthwhile .  it is nonetheless interesting to see a real turkey of a story made just before the usa became directly involved with the war .  i wonder if the surrounding politics had something to do with trying to make a movie for all tastes but ending up with something that pleases no one .   nonetheless it has historical value . 
this is the movie that epitomizes the d&d fear of the 80s  ( and even today )  .  the fear being that people who play d&d  ( or any other role-playing game for that matter )  will be  " sucked in "  and lose their ability to distinguish reality from fantasy  ( and go on killing sprees ,  child sacrifices ,  suicide ,  etc )  .  great movie for anyone who likes to blame the problems of society on inanimate objects ,  but anyone who has played a role-playing game ,  a video game ,  or even acted in a play will see this as an insult to their intelligence .  it is to d&d what wargames was to computers .  plus as a movie ,  it just kinda sucks . 
seriously .  i just wrapped up my first viewing of demonicus and words have failed me .   i remember a time when i would see charles band's name on a film and my heart would race .  he was never a wes craven or a john carpenter .  he was a bastion of hope for the little man .  the guy whose movies arrived at the video store instead of the multiplex ,  but they still rocked harder than most of the trendy junk we otherwise had to endure .   and now .  .  .  this .   a painfully-obvious californian walking trail doubles for  " the alps "  and an abandoned train tunnel is actually supposed to be  " an ancient cave "  .  i mean ,  they didn't even try to dress the thing up with moss or film it in a way that might suggest it was anything other than an old train tunnel !  ugh !  instead of a creepy demon gladiator ,  as the cover implies ,  we're treated to a dude wearing the latest in wal-mart halloween apparel .  there's a pretty cool looking corpse ,  who occasionally comes to life to belch and wiggle his fingers ,  but he doesn't even learn to stand until the final five minutes .  why couldn't he be the villain ?  instead ,  we've got frat boy joe with a plastic sword .  ouch .   charles band .  .  .  you should be ashamed that your name is attached to such tripe .  i love movies that are so bad ,  they're good .  hell ,  i occasionally enjoy a flick thats so bad ,  its just bad .  this one ,  however ,  is just unwatchable .  a perfect example of making a buck ,  rather than making a quality film . 
i own this movie .  not by choice ,  i do .  i was really bored the other day and the box intrigued me .  so i popped it in the old vcr and spent the next hour and a half of my life crying  " why god why ?  "  .  the story-line was not that bad ,  as an gamer i could appreciate bits of it .  i think that maybe if you're into super geeky-cheese romantic scenes you'll enjoy this film .   " i always thought of myself as a vulcan you know like dr . spock .  .  . unable to love "  there is very few good things to say about this film ,  truly it is awful .  but if you're up to really badly made film this is the one for you !  !  !  the real story's much more interesting though  ;  )   if i had to sum up this film in one word it would be :   lame
many people like to point to this tv movie when arguing with the vast legions of hanks-philes out there that tom did in fact make crappy films  ( i think  " bachelor party "  was great ,  but that's another story )  .  the movie focuses on a  " dungeons and dragons-style game "  that eventually drives our young gump to hallucinatory madness .  the story is charmingly early 1980s ,  focusing as it does on the imminent threat to our youth posed by those evil role-playing games .   i ,  however ,  prefer to view  " mazes and monsters "  as the turning point in the  " whatever happened to chris makepeace ?  "  story .  we all remember him as 'rudy the rabbit' in  " meatballs "  and as the hapless clifford in  " my bodyguard "  ,  where he gave us all a vicarious thrill by beating the crap out of matt dillon .  few could argue  ( especially those of us who read  " dynamite !  "  on a regular basis )  that great things were in store for him .   and then came rona jaffe .  the line between bad acting and bad writing is razor thin ,  so i leave it to you to decide whose fault makepeace's performance in this is .  all i know is that the last major release i saw him in was  " vamp "  ,  and that was 1986 .  he had a small role as sean penn's brother in  " falcon and the snowman "  ,  but by that time the brat pack torch had been passed to others with straighter hair and flashier resumes .   i can't in good conscience recommend this movie .  watch it if only to see a younger ,  more idealistic chris makepeace ,  before rona jaffe feasted on his soul . 
i have seen this movie many times ,   ( and recently read the book the movie is based on )  and every time i see it ,  i just want to slap all four of them .  the fact that they don't clue in to the fact that tom hank's character is flipping into his d&d ( oops m&m )   :  )  persona  (  " oh ,  he's just acting in character .  "  )  outside of the gaming session .  that and the fact that after three months of therapy ,  let's just destroy all that and feed his delusions !  these kind of people are what give rpgs a bad name .   also the corny 'love ballad' ,  and the music done by 'cat on a piano' and 'stop us if we get too annoying' are almost enough to set your teeth on edge ! 
this film is horrible .  bad acting ,  bad writing ,  bad music .  it's just horrible .  not only is it incredibly misrepresentative of role-playing games ,  but the key elements of the film are poorly executed .  may the god i don't believe in have mercy on the souls of the miserable wretches who conceived and gave birth to this abomination . 
the subject matter seems pretty dated today .  adapted for tv from rona jaffe's book ;  we trip and stumble through a fantasy existence .  four college students get deeply involved playing a live version of the board game mazes and dragons  ( based on dungeons and dragons )  .  one player ,  a young tom hanks ,  enters the fantasy world too deep .  his co-players must come to his rescue and save him from self inflicted harm .   david wallace ,  wendy crewson and chris makepeace round out the game's foursome .  support cast is made up of veteran actors like murray hamilton ,  vera miles ,  anne francis and susan strasberg .   at this date ,  it seems lumbering and tame .  but the highlight of watching is seeing tom hanks between his  " bosom buddies "  salad days and his big splash in splash on the silver screen .  the youngest of viewer will get most enjoyment . 
this film sold for one-dollar at wal-mart on a dvd and so i do not feel like i lost anything for watching this film ,  except my time .  enjoyed the acting of tom hanks ,   ( robbie wheeling )  ,  who was very young looking and gave an outstanding performance considering it was a horrible script .  the story is about college students who decided to play the game mazes & monsters ,  only in a very realistic setting .  robbie wheeling has had problems in the past playing this game at other colleges and is advised by his parents to leave the game alone and get good grades .  robbie meets a very nice gal and has a romantic fling with her and once he starts playing the game ,  he stops making love to her and acts like a monk .  there are some scenes in the film which are taken running around the former world trade center and also in the observation floor and roof area .  it is rather sad viewing this part of the film where so many human beings died because of evil in the world .  this is not a very good film ,  except for tom hanks trying to keep the film above the sinking level of entertainment . 
if you didn't know better ,  you would believe the christian moral majority in their preachy testimonial of the sins of the young ,  their questing for satan ,  and that hell was just brimming with advanced dungeons and dragons fans .   none of these items bears one grain of truth ,  folks .  this work does nothing but give the southern baptists a chance to take a breath ,  while the movie continues to spout their erroneous and alarmist views concerning a creative and original gaming system .   tom hanks contributes a stellar performance for this work ,  but even that wasn't enough to save it .  it's crap .  it's beneath crap .  it is ignorance breeding ignorance and as such ,  it rates nothing from .  .  .   the fiend  :  . 
first off ,  i knew nothing about 'mazes and monster' before i watched it .  i had no knowledge of the role-playing controversy behind it or the fact that it was a made-for-tv movie .  when i looked at the cover  ( the updated dvd one )  i seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like 'legend' ,  with tom hank as the nerdy hero from 1980s earth entering a mythical world to save a princess from an evil maze filled with monsters .  sounds exciting ,  right ?  that is what the cover suggests to you at first glance .  i was given this movie as a gift ,  obviously under the same premise because my aunt knows i'm into action movies with a medieval myth theme .  and it has tom hanks ,  one of my favorite actors .  so i popped this movie in ,  expecting a feel good movie with tom hanks in a 80s special effects world that would be good for a laugh .   no !  none of this happens .  now before i continue i will confess ,  i am a nerd but i have no interest in role-playing games .  that is all this movie is about so my interest in the content is lukewarm at best .  and m&m  ( copyright infringement ?  )  is not even a feel good role-playing based movie with lovable geeks that uses their imagination to enter a world of awesomeness .  no !  this is an anti-role-playing movie that must have been made by some religious folk  ( the same people who also think barney is the work of satan .  )  i understand ,  satan is a crafty fellow but i don't think he is desperate enough for soul to lull rpg lovers into worship him .  this movie is thee anti-gamer movie .  this is what i get from this movie :  it hates rpgs and not only does it make fun of the people engaging in role-playing but it makes poor tom hanks a mental patient .   tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'castaway' ,  poor guy was alone but tom somehow made his insanity fun and you literally saw the volleyball as a lovable character through tom's good acting .  i wish i watched that movie instead of this .  in this movie ,  tom is attacked by a make believe dragon creature  ( it looks like a poorly made mascot for a rpg team )  and has a split personality that is creepy at best .  tom's acting only exceeds to make you feel bad for his character and nothing else .  i get that the poor guy lost his brother and is not right in the head because of it so the movie does win points for being intentionally tragic .  i am not one for films that exploit mental illness and the ending to 'm&m' made me feel like cr*p .  luckily i watched 'hudson hawk' afterwards and got a good laugh before my soul was crushed any further .  yah ,  'hh' surpasses 'm&m' by  .   .   .  a lot !  this is not one of tom's better films .  in fact it is thee most depressing movie i've ever seen him in  ( even 'saving private ryan' is not this depressing )  .  i walked in hoping to watch a feel good movie and i ended up feeling the exact opposite .  if you want to watch a sad  ( both emotionally and visually )  movie then by all means watch this .  if this movie is to convey a message ,  it is this :   " don't play rpgs if you are cuckoo for coco-puffs .  " 
i'd completely forgotten about this film until now .  this was the most blatant and worst attempt to demonise a hobby that i have ever seen .  it's message seemed to be  :   " don't teenagers use their imagination ;  they might take games seriously ,  go mad and hurt people .  "  i can only guess that the unimaginative writers of this piece thought that d&d style games are form of evil ritual or arcane worship . 
this film reminds me a lot of the anti-drug films of the 50's and 60's due to the fact that it was made by people that have obviously never experienced the social evil that they are warning us about .  tom hanks and his buddies are  " role playing "  ,  but there are no dice ,  lots of candles ,  and then you are just swept away in a bad montage showing hanks falling for the lady in the group .  quite funny but misguided .  i wonder how many poor kids had their d&d stuff destroyed ,  and were told that the use of their imagination was the road to destruction .  as a film it's basically an after school special ,  bad acting  ( although hanks does show some of his talent )  and relationship talks ,  and no one seems to be having any fun .  it seems these films have a psychological focus on adolescents starting on the road to adultism ,  which is more serious ,  apparently ,  and requires you to buckle down and do the things everyone else does .  despite my vote of 2 ,  this is worth watching due to its unique genre ,  scare films ,  which i personally find quite funny . 
the only value in this movie is basically to laugh at how bad it really is .  with a plot that makes your average middle-school writer look good ,  and acting which is almost as good ,  it gets my bottom score .  one of tom hanks very early films where he obviously didn't have the pleasure to be real picky .  the best special effect of the movie consists of a guy dressed up in an incredibly fake rubber monster consume . 
i rented this one to see vanesa talor one more time .  she can act ,  but doesn't get a chance in this clunker .  the opening sequence is an elaborate crane shot of mountain landscapes .  must have come from a stock archive ,  because the movie is shot direct to videotape .  the production values make _blair witch_ look professional .  there's a really cheesy animated statue ,  but no other effects worth noting .  this movie is bad ,  but not amusingly so .  the players would do well not to mention it on their resumes . 
i caught this movie at a small screening held by members of my college's gaming club .  we were forewarned that this would be the  " reefer madness "  of gaming ,  and this movie more than delivered .   tom hanks plays robbie ,  a young man re-starting his college career after  " resting "  for a semester .  what we ,  the viewer ,  find out as the movie progresses ,  is that robbie was hopelessly addicted to a role-playing game called  " mazes and monsters ,  "  a game that he gets re-acquainted with after a gaming group recruit him for a campaign .   this movie is laughable on many ,  many levels .  one scene features the group  " gaming by candlelight ,  "  which is probably the best way i can describe it .  while i'm sure that this was meant to be  " cultish "  in some way ,  as most gamers know ,  it's horribly inaccurate .  most role-play sessions are done in well-lit rooms ,  usually over some chee-tohs and a can of soda .   the acting ,  while not oscar-caliber ,  isn't gut-wrenchingly awful either .  this is one of tom hanks's first roles ,  and bosom buddies and bachelor party were still a year or two over the horizon .  the supporting cast ,  while not very memorable ,  still hand forth decent performances .   mainly the badness lies in the fact that it was a made-for-tv movie that shows the  " dangers of gaming "  worth a view if you and your friends are planning a bad movie night . 
many things become clear when watching this film :  1 )  the acting is terrible .  tom hanks and wendy crewson are so-so ,  but the parent-child conflict borders soap opera-ish .  the other two boys :  an overly pouty child prodigy and your stereotypical i'm-a-babe-but-i'm-really-sensitive-inside blonde dreamboat ;  2 )  the film as a whole is depressing and disappointing ;  3 )  robbie's dreams and episodes are disturbing  ( acted by tom hanks )  ;  4 )  the inclusion of the beginning love ballads is an odd choice  (  " we are all special friends "  )  ;  5 )  the weird lines and side plots are not made any better by the terrible acting ;  and 5 )  this is a really bad movie .  expect to be disappointed--and probably disturbed . 
checking the spoiler alert just in case .   perhaps one of the most horrendous movies i have ever seen ,  mazes and monsters felt like i wasted 101 minutes of my life .  the only redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious ,  but just ended up being funny since they were so bad .  evil dead anyone ?  unfortunately for m&m  ( fortunately for us )  it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy .  this movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character ,  robbie  ( played by hanks )  encountered throughout the film .  it ended up being a fear mongering video about stereotypes that helped fuel the d&d is the devil movement in the 80s .   if you want to avoid wasting your time and money ,  steer clear of this junk .   p . s .  - even though the cover looks kinda interesting ,  which is why i guess my brother bought it ,  it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm ,  unless you consider new england or new york city to be such a place . 
hoo boy ,  this was a real trial to get through .  the dvd case has tom hanks' mug plastered on it and that is the only reason that anybody would buy it .  he looks about forty on the box ,  however ,  the movie was made in 1982 ,  so he still has his bosom buddies 'do and of course is about forty pounds lighter .  the plot concerns a dungeons and dragons like game that hanks and his three friends play and hanks ends up thinking the whole thing is real .  chris makepeace is a boy genius named jay jay and the best thing about the movie is that he wears a succession of funny hats .  ooh , look ,  he has a yellow hardhat on with a tuxedo !  now he's dressed like a wwi pilot !  this was a truly awful movie but in a bad way .  a bunch of vets pop up mostly as parents of the kids .  there's anne  ( i'm honey west ,  dammit !  )  francis and louise sorel ,  who actually looks kind of hot .  murray hamilton ,  the mayor from jaws ,  has a thankless roll as a cop .  wendy crewson ,  is the love interest for hanks and some blonde guy i have never seen before or since .  there is some syrupy music here and there and absolutely no tension or sense of danger or excitement .  there is a monster that only hanks can see because he's ,  you know ,  nuts .  the monster is played by the late ,  great kevin peter hall ,  he of predator fame .  a friend of mine got this out of the ol' discount bin at mallwart and advised me to chuck it in the trash without even looking at it ,  so naturally i had to see if it was as bad as all that .  it was .  the night before ,  i watched apollo 13 ,  so after that ,  this movie was a bit of a shock .  do yourself a favor and leave it in the bin .  oh yeah ,  after hanks almost jumps from one of the world trade center towers because of his delusions ,  he goes home to recuperate and is visited by his friends .  hanks mother ,  a drunken vera miles ,  says he is coming along nicely now but when they walk down to the lake to visit him in his tennis outfit ,  he is crazier than ever .  the end
yes ,  about the only thing this film is memorable for is that it starred a youngish tom hanks who only a few short years later would be a relevant star in hollywood .  here though is not a movie that is going to showcase his talents much at all and the only other thing that might be considered somewhat entertaining about this flick is the scene where he thinks he sees a monsters and runs a guy through .  yes ,  this movie is about the evils of playing a game that makes a group of people use their imaginations and try to come up with interesting scenarios .  basically ,  an after school type special about the evils of the game dungeons and dragons cleverly retitled here as mazes and monsters .  apparently ,  the makers of this film thought that nerds should not have fun of any sort unless they were going to go out and do underage drinking ,  drugs ,  having lots of unprotected sex and harass other weaker children like all the popular kids were doing .  no ,  these bad people were playing a game that actually required one to use there brain ,  heaven's no !  not that ,  if they have a brain they actually may be able to think for themselves and not be brainwashed by certain groups out there .  yes ,  i think this movie is utterly stupid and a waste of time .  granted ,  it could be a movie against addiction ,  but there are a lot fewer people who died taking dungeons and dragons to far in its entire existence than than say what drunk driving claims in like a month . 
the psychology of this movie is really weird to try and figure out .  its often billed as an anti-rpg movie ,  but its really not that simple .  here are come apparent contradictions that make me wonder just what  ( if anything )  they're trying to say about gaming .   they laboriously introduce all the characters home lives by way of introduction ,  all of them having parents who are divorced ,  alcoholic ,  and totally out of touch with their lives except for the times they're harshly pressuring them to succeed .  tom hanks is arguably the worst off ,  having just failed out of another school and still dealing with a brother who disappeared and may be dead .    its mentioned a couple of times that they play the game to work through problems in their real lives .  and sure enough ,  at the end ,  when they go to see robbie  ( hanks )  ,  they're all happy and well-adjusted ,  embarking on their adult careers ,  problems solved ,  games put away  ( daniel doesn't even want to design computer games any more )  ,  and even robbie's mother ,  who's been constantly drunk and dissatisfied ,  is suddenly the happy homemaker ,  looking fresh and bright and arranging flowers .    sure ,  jj suddenly  ( and quite cheerfully it seems )  decides to commit suicide ,  but the reason seems to be entirely because he's a lonely boy genius who can't get a date ,  and not because his character dies ,  as in the famous jack chick tract  ( which happens afterward anyways ,  and it almost seems like he does it on purpose so he can end daniels game and get everyone to come play his .  in fact ,  the prospect of live-action role playing in the caverns seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing himself !  )  and in what may be the coolest tableau scene in the whole movie ,  kate ,  looking very fetching in chain mail ,  looks right at the camera and says something like ,   " the scariest monsters are the ones in our own minds .  "    the biggest fantasy element in this movie is the two muggers passing up the rich couple so they can rob the dirty ,  homeless-looking guy of his magic beans .  the recurring theme  ( a  " the way we were "  for the 80s ) might have been poignant at the end ,  but as a way to kick off a movie is downright depressing and seems out of place .  and for one final mystery ,  our hero ,  wearing full pardu regalia ,  has a psychotic break ,  becomes his character completely and embarks on his quest ,  so of course the first thing he does is change into 20-century street clothes .    so maybe the movie's irrational ,  but i guess its dealing with an irrational topic .  in those days a circle of kids with dice and pencils was regarded as tainted and possibly possessed ,  and you could go insane if they spoke their mumbo-jumbo at you .  the anti-game paranoia is pretty much summed up in the first scene ,  where the reporter asks the cop whats going on ,  the cop says a kids lost in the tunnels and there's a chance mazes and monsters is somehow involved .  the reporter admits to being vaguely familiar with the game  ( although he allows his own children to play it )  ,  then turns to the camera and reels off a polished spiel that blames the game for everything and admits no possibility of another explanation .  in the end ,  its no masterpiece ,  but interesting as made-for-tv movies go . 
i didn't even know this was originally a made-for-tv movie when i saw it ,  but i guessed it through the running time .  it has the same washed-out colors ,  bland characters ,  and horrible synthesized music that i remember from the 80's ,  plus a 'social platform' that practically screams  " afterschool special "  .  anyhoo .   rona jaffe's  ( thank you )  mazes and monsters was made in the heyday of dungeons & dragons ,  a pen-and-paper rpg that took the hearts of millions of geeks around america .  i count myself one of said geeks ,  tho i have never played d&d specifically i have dabbled in one of its brethren .  m&m was also made in the heyday of d&d's major controversy-that it was so engrossing that people could lose touch with reality ,  be worshiping satan without knowing ,  blah blah .  i suppose it was a legitimate concern at one point ,  if extremely rare-but it dates this movie horrendously .   we meet 4 young college students ,  who play the aptly named mazes and monsters ,  to socialize and have a little time away from mundane life .  except that m&m as presented is more boring than their mundane lives .  none of the allure of gaming is presented here-and jay jay's request to take m&m into 'the real world' comes out of nowhere .  it's just an excuse to make one of the characters go crazy out of nowhere also-though at that point we don't really care .  jay jay ,  robbie ,  kate and daniel are supposed to be different-but they're all rich waspy prigs who have problems no one really has .   but things just continue ,  getting worse in more ways than one .  the low budget comes dreadfully clear ,   ( i love the 'entrance' sign and cardboard cutout to the forbidden caverns )  robbie/pardu shows why he's not a warrior in the oafiest stabbing scene ever ,  and the payoff atop the 'two towers' is unintentionally hilarious .  tom hanks' blubbering  " jay jay ,  what am i doing here ?  "  made me laugh for minutes on end .  definitely the low point in his career .   don't look at it as a cogent satire ,  just a laughable piece of 80's tv trash ,  and you'll still have a good time .  that is ,  if you can stay awake .  the majority is mostly boring ,  but it's all worthwhile for pardu's breakdown at the end .  at least tom hanks has gotten better .  not that he could go much worse from here . 
when the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of california ,  i was wondering if i got the tapes mixed up .  then i breathed a sigh of relief to see paul thomas in a scene with the lovely joanna storm and laurie smith .  this is being spied on by jimmy  ( a young tom byron )  .  jimmy's aunt  ( honey wilder )  is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher  ( kay parker )  .  i could do without the animal ,  robot role-playing ,  or the incest aspects . there's one good sex scene ,  between byron and parker ,  but it's not good enough to save this film .   my grade :  d+
all you need to know about this film happens in the first five minutes :  it looks cool ,  it has a solid original soundtrack reflective of the late-60s period ,  and all but a couple of its characters are unlikeable .  once you get that message ,  you may as well switch to another film .   davies's protagonist ignores his beautiful girlfriend ,  one of the few people in his life who cares about him .  then by the time he takes her advice to join her in the real world--instead of living a fantasy film of which he's the imagined director--he does so by pushing her aside and pairing up with an actress he's idealized beyond reason .  a couple laughs and some thoughtful art direction are the only things worth watching here .   the film is also interesting as documentation of jason schwartzman's fall from mount rushmore .  in rushmore ,  schwartzman's annoying brattiness was something to be overcome ,  but here it's his character's only quality .  schwartzman's family connection clearly landed him in this role ;  here's hoping his choices improve . 
this film is exactly what you get when you really over stretch your abilities ,  it's like someone who has just passed there driving test and then pitting them in a formula 1 grand prix  ( not i might add ,  the us grand prix as everyone might pull out due to dodgy tyres and you might just win )  ,  that is how far short this film falls .  now don't take this the wrong way ,  i love b-movies ,  around half my collection is made of b-movies but i don't think there are enough letters in the alphabet to describe how bad this film is .   first of the story  ( for a b-movie )  isn't that bad ,  it has potential there to make a b-movie brand ,  were not talking friday 13th potential ,  but potential none the less .  but what really lets this film down is the acting ,  at not one second do i believe anything ,  it's like watching qvc except the presenters on qvc tend to have a heavier tan .   in summary i'd like to say i've seen worse films ,  but i can't . 
i really love the sexy action and sci-fi films of the sixties and its because of the actress's that appeared in them .  they found the sexiest women to be in these films and it didn't matter if they could act  ( remember  " candy "  ?  )  .  the reason i was disappointed by this film was because it wasn't nostalgic enough .  the story here has a european sci-fi film called  " dragonfly "  being made and the director is fired .  so the producers decide to let a young aspiring filmmaker  ( jeremy davies )  to complete the picture .  they're is one real beautiful woman in the film who plays dragonfly but she's barely in it .  film is written and directed by roman coppola who uses some of his fathers exploits from his early days and puts it into the script .  i wish the film could have been an homage to those early films .  they could have lots of cameos by actors who appeared in them .  there is one actor in this film who was popular from the sixties and its john phillip law  ( barbarella )  .  gerard depardieu ,  giancarlo giannini and dean stockwell appear as well .  i guess i'm going to have to continue waiting for a director to make a good homage to the films of the sixties .  if any are reading this ,   " make it as sexy as you can "  !  i'll be waiting ! 
from the nepotism capitol of the world comes another junk flick in a fancy wrapper .   " cq "  tells a lame ,  disjointed mess of a story which is little more than a bunch of silly caricatures ,  a babe ,  and straight man davies running around trying to make a stupid sci-fi flick .  i can't think of any reason anyone would want to spend time with this ridiculous attempt at film making .   ( d ) 
style but no substance .  not as funny as it should be .  not as deep as it wants to be .   this is another in the genre of films about the difficulties of filmmaking .  a young filmaker is hired to finish a campy 60s sci-fi movie called codename : dragonfly .  think barbarella ,  or danger diabolique .   but jeremy davies is an angst-ridden filmmaker .  he's no hack he's an artist .  the movie he wants to make is a diary of his life .  hardly original .   all the characters outside of jeremy davies filmmaker are as thin as rice-paper .  characters that might be interesting ,  such as his father ,  his doppelganger ,  or jason schwarzmann as a hack director are introduced and then shown the door without adding a thing .   this movie is full of eye candy but when compared to other films about filmmakers such as stardust memories or 8 1/2 it pales in comparison .  those movies are funny ,  provocative with well-developed characters .  those movies have lessons that apply outside  the movie wants to be comic and campy but its just derivative and there is not one funny scene .  the filmmakers describe it as a send-up but what's the satirical target ?  the actors say it's an homage but i think i would rather a full-length version of codename : dragonfly .   coppola is clearly amused by the setting as is evident by the visual humor of the sci-fi movie within a movie .  but he fails to share why we should be amused .   outside of the sci-fi movie its just a mess .  there are continuity errors ,  the filmmaker chooses a sci-fi weapon after its already been chosen .  what ?   just because he has a scene were the filmmaker is confronted by the critics complaining about the lack of story ,  lack of a point ,  a scene where he admits empty cleverness does not mean that he has addressed those criticisms .   i guess if your roman coppola you can get away with making a movie about an angst-ridden idealistic filmmaker who doesn't know what he wants to say and so ends up saying nothing .  in that sense it may be considered autobiograhical .   i would watch it at circuit city on a wall full of tvs if i had a choice .  watch the 15-minute codename : dragonfly movies included on the dvd as extras and then send it back . 
cq could have been good ,  campy fun .  but it commits the only unforgivable sin :  it is b-o-r-i-n-g !  the pace is deadly slow and the plot is fairly confused and so artificial that it's next to impossible to care where it's going .  the story would have been acceptable in a creative writing class from a thoughtful and sensitive eighth grader but this video should have carried a warning label :   " caution :  student film .  fit for viewing only by relatives of the film maker .  " 
okay ,  the film festival crowd probably loved it .  but your average ,  popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably wonder why he or she made this choice .  if it's stamped  " copolla "  it's automatically great stuff ,  right ?  wrong !  it's a neat spoof of filmdom's pretensions .  but it's terribly  " in .  "  i worry when film makers are more concerned about entertaining themselves rather than the public .  it's interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it .  but once it's run its course in the movies and on tv ,  the dust will grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it .  hardly either epochal or an epic ! 
cq was the worst film i saw this year .  nearly every film i choose to see in the theater is at least entertaining or has something to say .  this film looked like like it was directed by a film student for his intro .  to filmmaking class .  his father makes great films .  his sister made a good one .  but brother roman ?  no !  one critic had the audacity to compare this film to godard's le mépris  ( contempt )  .  while coppola ,  jr .  did take the same idea ,  a film about film ,  he tried too hard to make himself seem european ,  artsy ,  and witty ,  when it's all really just kitsch .  the lead actor carries the same expression through the whole film ,  like he's either in awe or in shock of this film being made around him .  schwartzman somehow manages to pull off his role as a flamboyant director .  depardieu is alright .  the one scene that has any real film spoof humor at all is ,  surprisingly ,  not the b-movie scenes ,  but rather one which takes place in italy ;  a montage of shots of several various characters inside a very small car ,  driving around picking up and dropping off random people .  this was the only thing that reminded me of the cinema i am guessing he was trying to spoof .  or rip-off .  or both .  the documentary with the lead talking into the camera and filming various objects has been played out ,  the ending was tagged on for the sake of a  " twist "  or artistic value .  .  .  i suppose the funniest thing about this film was the film itself ,  and not in the way it intended .  no wonder this film was sent back after a festival screening to be re-edited or re-shot or whatever ,  which makes me curious as to just how bad it was before .  i can't believe it could have been worse than this .  if you want to see a good parody of film check out the austin powers films .  any of them .  the opening to the third is more entertaining and more genius than this entire film .  lil' romy ,  for the sake of cinema ,  please go back to directing your cousin's music videos .  leave the godfathers to daddy . 
cq is incredibly slow ,  and i'm a david mamet fan .  the movie follows around a young filmmaker who is making a very barbarella-esque film .  after that the movie started to lose me .  deep and profound ?  not really .  the movie  " dragonfly "  being made in cq has the problem of having no ending .  this greatly parallels cq ,  which also lacks an ending  ( in my opinion )  .   i was lucky enough to catch this movie at the sxsw film festival .  i had fairly high expectations having just watched y tu mama tambien and several other great movies .  i was also looking forward to jason schwartzman's performance .  but it was not an easy film to get into .  if you're not into 60's sci-fi or slow movies that go no where ,  skip it .   cq feels like a student film .  if you want a recent sci-fi-esque indie film rent donnie darko ,  it won't put you to sleep . 
this is a movie about making a movie .  such movies may be entertaining ,  but they need some substance ,  to do so .  it did not happen here ,  i am afraid .  mr coppola did not inherit his father's skills ,  unfortunately  ( neither did his sister ,  who can however make movies which one might watch )  .   i do wonder how this movie came to get such rave reviews .    let's see :  the lead male actor ,  supposedly a director ,  is as expressive as a frozen squid and his voice has the same pitch whatever he says ,  the lead female actress has an expression on her face that never changes ,  the plot is totally segmented in bits with perhaps one single connecting element ,  the movie within the movie idea must be more stale than paleolithic rocks .  .  .  would that be enough ?   i regretted every single moment i watched this movie .  a walk with the dog is far superior entertainment to this unbelievably lame movie .  it's as if a françois truffaut plot were directed by dick cheney .  .  .   brazil ,  some other classic sf movies ?  you must be really joking .  .  . 
i should qualify that title ,  now that i think about it .  checkout is not entirely worthless .  i've had the opportunity to see it twice ,  and on the second time i did get a great laugh at the movie's expense .  so i guess it's worth something for that .  and also it's worthwhile for the excruciating pain it caused me on my first viewing .  as another reviewer pointed out ,  this film is hackneyed in every sense of the word .  not a single original thought went into this movie  ( which makes the comment below about the originality of the premise entirely baffling to me )  .  the film is nothing but a long line of cliches which are strung together and paraded around as a movie .  it is definitely not the next clerks ,  it is definitely not original ,  and it is absolutely not  " good ,  clean fun .  "  the film is absolute agony to the uninitiated  ( after seeing it a first time ,  the second time can be quite funny ,  in an insulting sort of way )  .  as i looked around the theater ,  it was obvious that nearly everyone ,  barring perhaps the elderly ,  were completely bored or pained by this movie .  during some of the particularly emotional scenes ,  like where nick chews out his mother ,  the audience was actually cringing because it was so poorly done .  i even heard someone *groan* in the theater ,  something i had heretofore never witnessed .  i don't care where you have the chance to see this movie ,  be it at a film festival ,  or in a indie theater ,  or wherever .  do yourself a favor ,  skip this movie with a vengeance .  unless you're like me and just can't resist the opportunity to see what may truly be the worst movie ever made . 
i went in to this movie thinking it was going to be the next clerks ,  but left feeling let down .  the humor was weak and the characters fairly flat .  that isn't to say it was all bad ,  the idea of the dating service in the grocery store seemed like pretty fertile material ,  but the director switched focus to the cliche'd  " save the mom-and-pop store from the evil corporation guy "  .  i felt like if he would have just stuck with the dating service plot ,  he would have come out with a much more memorable movie .  now ,  to do the film justice ,  i am from the rochester area and loved the way he portrayed webster .  in fact ,  the best kevin smith  ( of clerks )  homage here was giving props to his hometown .  webster ,  ny is to checkout what red bank ,  nj is to clerks .  the director wisely threw in a date at nick tahou's .  trust me ,  as far as things to do in rochester ,  a garbage plate is at the top of the list .  i was lucky enough to see this film at the little in rochester so everybody knew when the odes to the town came up and appreciated them . 
maximally manipulative anabel sims  ( betsy drake )  sets out to trap her ideal man ,  aided by her co-worker ,  julie .  esteemed pediatrician madison brown  ( cary grant )  goes from bemused to betrothed in the space of 90 minutes on film ,  but to the viewer it's all eternity .  can a movie receive less than one star ?  this one is a prime candidate . 
for some reason ,  various young couples hiking through the italian alps split up to see who can reach their campsite designation first .  james  ( gregory lee kenyon )  enters a cave ,  finds a skeleton of an ancient demonic gladiator and becomes possessed by the spirit of  " tyranus "  when he puts on a helmet belonging to the corpse .  he then spends the rest of the film running around in the woods hunting down his friends and hacking off their limbs to add to some stew to bring the undead  " demonicus "  back to life .  this shot-on-digital full moon release is stupid ,  senseless ,  has terrible acting and sound and the  ( los )  angeles national forest is a poor substitute for italy .  however ,  it's pretty high on the unintentional laugh scale thanks mainly to the overwrought lead performance .  whether bug-eyed running around in cheap-looking armor brandishing a sword or spouting neurotic latin gibberish about demons and resurrection ,  kenyon's ridiculous facial expressions and awkward line delivery must be seen to be believed .  oh well ,  at least he's not boring like most of the rest of the cast . 
i always found betsy drake rather creepy ,  and this movie reinforces that .  as another review said ,  this is a stalker movie that isn't very funny .  i watched it because it has cg in it ,  but he hardly gets any screen time .  it's no  " north by northwest "  .  .  . 
remade today ,  this film would be a very creepy ,  very disturbing dark comedy .  stalking ,  obsession ,  and a web of lies and manipulations are given a 1948 gloss of aren't-they-cute harmlessness .  drake plays the stalker ,  an unabashed user of people ,  alternately pathetic and manipulative ,  grant plays the stalking victim ,  alternately angry and oblivious .   vastly disturbing ;  i haven't been able to look at classic romances with the same suspension of disbelief since .   
this woman never stops talking throughout the movie .  she memorized every line ,  and delivered all without a bit of natural emotion .  she also has a most uncharming lisp ,  and the pitch of her voice sounds like nails on a blackboard .  this film has way too much betsy drake ,  and not enough cary grant ,  who carried what little was left of the film entirely on his own . 
i'm among millions who consider themselves cary grant fans ,  but i can't think of a single reason to recommend this movie . i don't understand the casting of betsy drake and it appears no one else did , if we're to judge from the small number of films in which she played afterwards .   most fans will agree that katharine hepburn was superb at chasing and catching cary grant in bringing up baby . here the director or writers try to rehash the idea , but it fails miserably . i've read comments about how  " creepy "  drake was , but i thought that was far too mild a description .  franchot tone walked through this one as if he were hungover . a casting disaster is one thing . this film is a total disaster .   this one doesn't deserve 10 lines of comments and i don't know why that's a requirement . too bad this one was preserved when so many worthwhile films lie rotting in vaults .   unless you want to torture someone , give this one a wide berth . 
stalker is right !  girl sees guy ,  girl wants guy ,  girl contrives mundane ways to keep bumping into him ,  girl won't leave him alone ,  girl pretends to be a patient ,  girl can't stop talking about him ,  girl pretends to love another guy  ( or two )  ,  he doesn't pay attention to her because she's annoying ,  girl still won't leave him alone .  played right ,  drake's character could have been charming but she's completely ,  wholly ,  unrelenting in her pursuit of cary grant's character ,  her girlfriend-in-cahoots is dull ,  and sadly ,  drake's attempt at playing ,   " charmingly screwball "  comes off as ,   " disturbingly demented .  "  grant is himself ,  as usual ,  which is fine for cary but it's as close to a phoned-in performance as i've ever seen from him .  the direction is lackluster and the dialog is just plain dim .   screwball comedy is very difficult to do successfully and when it fails ,  like in this stubbed-out butt of an attempt ,  it just stinks .  worse still ,  drake spends the entire film in need of a lot of valium and a restraining order .  she ruins any humor to be found in this drier than mummy dust relic . 
one-note comedy that probably sets modern day feminists' teeth on edge .  department store clerk betsy drake is in love with the idea of babies and marriage ,  pinning her hopes on women's magazines until she spies super-bait in the form of sleek bachelor cary grant .  the rest of the film plods from one ploy to the next as the relentless drake pursues her quarry .  i guess the word  " perky "  just about sum's up drake's approach to the role .  she does have a charming smile ,  but after 20 minutes of memorizing her dentures ,  i began to overdose .  grant's role is basically secondary and minus his usual flair .  there is one scene ,  however ,  that almost salvages this slender exercise .  drake queries the hapless grant following his lecture to a roomful of respectable ladies .  here her perky manner has an unforced freshness that is really quite remarkable ,  and had the production not rubbed our noses in that upbeat grin for 90 minutes ,  the film might have amounted to more than a girls' camp day-dream ,  circa 1948 . 
heavenly days commits a serious comedy faux pas :  it's desperate to teach us a civics lesson ,  and it won't stop until we've passed the final exam .  fibber mcgee and molly take a trip to washington ,  where they see the senate in action  ( or inaction ,  if you prefer )  ,  have a spat with their senator  ( eugene palette in one of the worst roles of his career )  ,  get acquainted with a gaggle of annoying stereotypical refugee children ,  and meet a man on a train reading a book by henry wallace .  henry wallace !  !  a year later ,  he was considered a near communist dupe ,  but in 1944 ,  he was a-ok .  add in some truly awful musical moments ,  a whole lot of flagwaving hooey ,  and a boring subplot about newspaper reporters ,  and you've got a film that must have had philip wylie ready to pen generation of vipers 2 :  d . c .  boogaloo .  drastically unfun ,  heavenly days is another reminder that the devil has all the best tunes . 
really ,  i can't believe that i spent $5 on this movie .  i am a huge zombie fanatic and thought the movie couldn't be that bad .  it had zombies in it right ?  was i wrong !  to be honest the movie had it's moments .  .  . i thought it was cool when the guy got his head ripped off but that was about it .  overall i think that it would be more enjoyable to slide down a razorblade slide on my bare nutsack into a vat of vinegar then watch this movie again .  the movie could have been better if we could see some boob but i had to watch the trailers for the other movies produced by this company to see that .  buyer beware .  .  . unless you are into masochism . 
the idea of making a miniseries about the berlin airlift seemed to me as one of the more interesting german  ( post ) war movies .  it is a theme that has not been explored much as yet .  however ,  the makers of this series stuffed it with clichés .  it starts already with the dvd cover of the movie ,  which is a direct copy of the cover of 'pearl harbor' .   luise kielberg  ( bettina zimmermann )  gets to hear that her husband ,  who is a doctor ,   ( ulrich noethen )  has died in russia and after the war she's struggling to survive .  she finds a job at the american base ,  gets to work for the coolest and highest ranking officer  ( heino ferch )  in town ,  falls in love with 'm ,  gets pregnant ,  and all of a sudden her husband turns up again .  come on !  !  !  we've seen this once too often .  heino ferch and ulrich noethen play their role quite well ;  bettina zimmermann however never really seems to convince .  for some reason it always seems she's somewhat too late in giving the right emotional reaction to the scenes .  it just didn't work for me .   the action scenes with the planes and the air lift ,  we're sometimes exciting ,  more often not .  nasty things always seemed to happen to the same pilot .   unless you're a big fan of wwii movies ,  i suggest you spend your money on something else :  chocolate ice-cream brings a lot more satisfaction !   4 out 10 ! 
a few weeks ago the german broadcaster  " sat1 "  advertised this movie as the  " tv-event of the year "  - sorry ,  but i've seen better things on tv this year .   i didn't thought much of the movie but i soon reminisced about two other horrible movies when i watched the commercial - namely titanic and pearl harbor because the picture looked so familiar :  the  " heroine "   ( if i can really call her that )  in the middle and her two  " loved-ones "  next to her - pearl harbor ,  anyone ?  in fact the love-story is a poor man's version of the one in pearl harbor and that one was already poor !   but as i like watching movies and analyzing their patterns i eventually decided to watch that rubbish .  the movie begins with a doctor leaving his family for the military strike against russia near the end of the third reich promising his wife that he will return .  now fast forward to spring 1948 :  germany lost the war and the allies & russia captured the country and they both try to eliminate each other for world power and their ideologies :  capitalism versus communism .  well ,  i guess you already know the story because you have to know it - the movie doesn't really bother with it so much and literally takes a dump on historical facts .  the movie tries to depict the us government as angels and completely ignores the contribution of other countries during the airlift especially great britain who was responsible for nearly a quarter of the rations despite having their country bombed from a country that they're trying to help .   what was also pretty annoying were the historical remarks the people said in the movie like when the heroine's mother tells her daughter that germany might be parted in two with a response like :   " that's impossible !  "  or when stalin  ( where the director thought we just stick similarly looking mustache on the actor and he will look like him )  says that russia has to stop  " coca cola "  from spreading in germany .  yeah right ,  if stalin has ever said something like this .  or there is this one us pilot who tells his fellow of a bread with meat and everything possible in it - please !  burgers were invented way before that time .   in the movie you once see a map showing the airlines ,  funnily enough the map looks like it came straight out of a laser printer - in '48 .  the us general lucius clay who's main idea was to stay in berlin is portrayed as a guy who is mean and grumpy and all the ideas he historically had like for example the airlift and improving on that idea came from the fictive character phillip turner ,  the love interest of the main actress which leads me to other aspects :  not enough african-american soldiers in the movie ,  there were like two in the whole film !  also relationships between us soldiers and german civilians was not allowed and by a revealing of such a relationship the us soldier would've been sent home .  i don't want to say that there were no relationships at all but in this movie there was a couple that almost got married ,  if it wasn't for the death of the pilot in his fake cgi plane which looked terribly unrealistic especially the cgi fire !   if it wasn't enough all americans in this movie spoke accent-free german although they only were in germany for a couple of months - look i'm also american living in germany for my whole life and even i have a little accent .  notably bad was also the child acting - the kids had like two expressions on their faces :   " normal-i-look-monotonous-like-a-robot "  and grinning .   all in all the movie was boring from beginning to end moving way too slow especially the love story which was the same as the one in pearl harbor just with half of the dialogue .  the sad part is that the movie was very successful - 8 . 97 millions watched the first part and 7 . 83 millions the second part the day after thus sat1 receiving two consecutive wins in the overall market share and a whopping win in the commercial relevant group .  but like i always think :  the biggest pile of bull-crap is where the most flies go to . 
what a fantastic premise :  a movie about the berlin airlift .  it should have it all .  tragedy .  suspense .  comradeship .  rivals .  berliner frauleins and tough us pilots .  love and tears .  what we've got ,  is a film with none of the above .  heino ferch tries to impersonate john wayne or so ,  but he fails miserably .  he acts so wooden ,  that at any given moment he should crack .  he tries to play the tough guy ,  instead of being a tough guy !  why would bettina zimmermann's character fall in love with him ?  cause they were throwing stones in a lake ?  cause he brings her coal bricks ?  the sfx are very ,  very well done .  too much though .  the hundreds or so planes over berlin ,  look like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron rather than an organised airlift  as it actually was .  interestingly enough ,  the white house ,  the kremlin ,  and general lucius d .  clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set .  notice the same drapes ,  hanging deep down the windows ,  as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout .  why is almost every scene inside dark and dusty ?  by the way ,  general lucius d .  clay ,  comes across as a small time ,  insecure ,  looser general ,  who doest trust in his own noble idea the airlift .  he was very much the opposite .  so you combine all those individual blunders and the result is a film with that builds toward no passion ,  no suspense and no historic accuracy .  sad ,  it started out so promising
to put it simply ,  i am not fond of westerns .  and having never sat through one from beginning to end ,  i decided to watch  " my darling clementine "  and see it all the way through ,  no matter how painful it was for me .  at first it was excruciating as expected .  i found the acting to be laughable ,  the scenery  ( your standard dessert ,  horses and cowboys )  boring and the music and its timing teetering on the edge of painful .  however ,  after mentally pep talking myself to struggle on ,  after the first 20 minutes it began to be quite a bit easier for me to endure .  focusing in on the cinematography ,  and how john ford managed to make even the dullest situations  ( dull according to me that is )  look quite stunning at times ,  made it a lot more interesting .    in conclusion ,  i can't go so far as to say that i enjoyed the movie by the end of it .  however it was made well enough for me to sit all the way through to the very end ,  and that in itself impresses me . 
one can deal with historical inaccuracies ,  but this film was just too much .  practically nothing was even close to truth ,  and even for the era ,  it was seen as silly .   in defense of ford ,  it was revealed on an old talk show ,  that he was operating on the story as told to him by the real wyatt earp ,  who was obviously old ,  senile ,  and replayed the scene his own way .  earp told the director about the stagecoach ,  and how it was planned to happen during the stagecoach arrival ,  so despite what other historians claim ,  wyat himself asserts that it was premeditated .   this movie portrays earp as an honest man ,  and also his brothers .  history doesn't exactly say they were or weren't .  most people like to interject a bit of deceit and lawlessness into their characters ,  but that is nothing new .  the truth is probably closer to them being the law abiding sorts of gunfight at the ok corral .  men who saw it as a career ,  and believe me ,  in the old west ,  you didn't have time to think about too much else .   characters that don't exist ,  characters depicted dying at the corral who really didn't ,  all make this a weaker film .  it is further weakened by mature ,  who really didn't make a convincing doc .  he may be the worst cast choice ever for doc ,  but at the same time we must remember that older movies were closer to the era and closer to a feel for the truth .  after all ,  ford did get information first hand from wyatt earp .   it is also weakened by the all so predictable events involving the mexican girl .  hollywood was very pro nazi in those days ,  and ready to kill off brunette women in very predictable fashion to show their patronage to hitler idealism .  this occurs in most movies until the eighties .  it is no excuse ,  and does cheapen the art ,  however .   the actors who play the earps do well ,  and brennan is always a thrill .  in fact ,  mature may be the only acting downside of this flick .  still ,  it is the weakest of the old ok corral movies . 
warning spoilers***** a really stupid movie about a group of young excursionists in italy that find an armor of mythical warrior with a demonic souls .  one of them wears it and becomes possessed by the spirit of a demon .  it's killing time and several of his friends die under his blade to revive the demon corpse .   a waste of time for the viewers ,  as the fine young ladies in the movie leave their clothes on ,  the gore is ludicrous at best ,  and the acting is terrible ,  perfect pairing for such a bad script  
this video guide was the masterpiece of the year 1995 .  beautifully done !  matthew perry and jennifer aniston have major on-screen chemistry when they talk about what the start button does .  i'm waiting for microsoft to release a special edition dvd complete with deleted scenes ,  bill gates commentary ,  a documentary of how windows 95 compares to windows xp ,  and more !   overall :  10/10  ( should have won at least a golden globe ) 
i refused to watch this when it originally aired ,  treasuring the memory of the late ,  lamented 1960s series with mike pratt and kenneth cope ,  but i can never resist a challenge .  i should have known better .  not quite a remake ,  and more of a parody than a homage ,  this show didn't quite know how to play it ,  and plumped with infantile comedy and cartoon plots and characters .  the three main characters were little more than caricatures of the actors ,  and only emilia fox could act  ( bob mortimer is painful in a straight role )  .  the supporting cast were merely comedian-acquaintances of vic and bob's wanting to be part of the in-joke ,  and far too aware of the situation to be convincing .  and the cgi ,  though the effects couldn't help be an improvement on those available 30 years earlier ,  merely dazzled the viewer with lights and camera work ,  and did little to mask the poor quality of the scripts and dialogue .  all style and no substance .   ( and whereas the 1960s show is mocked for being very much of its time ,  this 'update' is now also very dated ,  with 'matrix'-style fashions ,  obligatory 'girl power' scenes ,  and less than subtle tension between the two living leads .  ) 
 " the bank "   ( 1915 ,  chaplin )   " the bank "  was one of charlie's 1915 essanay films .  while these group of films are more watchable than their 1914 counterparts ,  this one seems a bit below average .  the gag with the janitorial double combo-locked vault and the tough-luck ending that has charlie waking up from a dream ,  in which he is stroking the lead lady's hair ,  only to be stroking the head of a mop he had used as a quasi pillow ,  are both classic chaplin moments .  they are both ironically the beginning and the end .  the middle is filled in with fighting with the rival co-worker janitor and busting up a bank robbery to win the girl .  the mop is probably the greatest physical prop of this movie and charlie uses it to expert comedic effect whether while it is the intention of his character or not .  the mop seems to be charlie's alter-ego doing things he wishes he could do but wouldn't with his own two hands .  interesting stuff but there's better . 
we've all seen this story a hundred times .  you can see each plot turn coming a mile away .  the relationship between the mother and daughter is way too sweet and understanding to pass for realistic .  janet mcteer's performance is stock southern hot- ticket mother in vintage clothes .  should have been made for the lifetime channel . 
while watching the film ,  i'm not sure what direstion it was to take .  there's a reason a writer shouldn't direct his work and even act in it as well ,  you can't do it all .  i felt the story really suffered in this film due to the director wearing so many hats .  ms .  mcteer is the film .  to add to her amazing talents ,  her portrayal of this woman was why i was engaged .  here is a british actress who can do anything .  in my view ,  conflict is what makes drama and a great story .  i felt this film didn't have that .  everything was somewhat easy for the characters ,  there were no real obstacles preventing the chahracters from getting what they wanted .  watch the film for the sweetness ,  but most of all for ms .  mcteer's brilliant performance . 
disappointing ,  predictable film in which a woman  ( mc teer )  travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness .  in this genre 'anywhere but here' starring susan sarandon and natalie portman gave a much better insight into a mother/daughter relationship .  with better acting as well . 
this movie is ,  despite its  " independent "  status ,  a stupid hollywood version of a nauseating mother-daughter relationship .  it wasnt that bad at first ,  but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy ,  i think--it turns into a cheesey mother-daughter bonding movie .  im sorry ,  but i dont know of any mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughter .  .  . its probably better that way ,  though . 
okay ,  this movie f*ck in' rules .  it is without question one of the most technically inept pieces of cinema ever made .  absolutely terrible ,  but you gotta see it .  rent this with your buddies and come up with a drinking game or just have fun ,  it's hilarious .  and the behind-the-scenes featurette proves it ,  you can do anything with paper plates and finger paint .  awesome .  okay ,  rent it just for this one scene :  two characters are actually walking in place for about 3 minutes in a shot .  the director  ( on the commentary )  says  " yeah ,  the tracking was so smooth it looks like they're .  .  .  "  .  yeah ,  right man ,  they are totally walking in place .  it's so funny . 
 .  .  . but the actress playing the daughter just doesn't come across as credible .   it doesn't work for me when i see an actress of about 25 years playing the role of a 12-year-old .  .  .  other commentators have suggested that this is one of the messages of this film ,  that children may sometimes seem more adult-like than adults ,  but with the casting as it is in this film ,  it just doesn't work for me .   you might want to check other comments to find out what this film is actually about ,  because i couldn't bear watching it to the end .   i agree that the premise for this film is beautiful though - i wish another director would try to pick up this story again . 
if i hadn't read his name on the dvd cover ,  i never would have suspected that this rather gushy and old fashioned musical was made by a man so closely associated with the french new wave .  in fact ,  the film is so far from that ,  that i wonder if back in the 50s and 60s ,  new wave auteurs would have absolutely hated this type of film--it's so .  .  . so .  .  . unreal .  and ,  it seems to have little to do with so many of his previous films .  this isn't necessarily a bad thing--just a very surprising thing .   what i also found a bit surprising was the amount of praise some of the reviewers gave this film--especially when there are so many better french musicals out there .  the songs in this film were simply not particularly interesting and the characters all seemed so bland and stereotypical .  if i had to see another rich person who fretted about how hard it is to be rich or get a good sale price on a designer outfit ,  i was going to puke .   the bottom line is that like american musicals ,  not every french musical is gold .  this film is not another  " les parapluies de cherbourg "   ( umbrellas of cherbourg or  " huit femmes "   ( eight women )  and despite the presence of audrey tautou ,  i can't see much reason to recommend it as anything other than a dull oddity . 
resnais ,  wow !  the genius who brought us hiroshima mon amour takes on the challenge of making a 1930s french musical in vibrant colour .  the opening voice-over with old ,  embellished inter-titles was a nice touch .  then the camera aperture opens  ( like the old hand crankers )  on a black & white placard .  the camera backs off  ( or rather ,  up )  ,  suddenly showing us the surprisingly brilliant colours of an elegant table set for a tea party .  this is all in the first 60 seconds .   then the music starts .  a rather banal and forgettable diddy featuring an unconvincing chorus of 3 girls blabbering some nonsense which has no relevance to the film  ( and yes ,  i speak french ,  so i can't blame it on the subtitles )  .  those characters whiz out the door and are replaced by more people who break into an even more forgettable song .  then they leave ,  and finally audrey tautou appears and we hear our first appreciable dialogue 15 minutes into the film .   i'm not sure what resnais intended by starting off with such a yawning waste of time & musical cacophony .  but the effect on the viewer is to make you want to hurl skittles at the screen and storm out .  i endured .   it didn't get much better .  i'll tell you why .  there is absolutely no familiarity with any of the characters .  we don't even see their faces half the time  ( as resnais seems too intent on showing off the expensive scenery to care about the actual people in front of the camera )  .  people flit on & off stage like moths around a lamp ,  and we the audience are unable to focus on any particular person or plot .  it's as if you were to take every episode of the brady bunch and cram it into a 2 hour movie .  with bad songs .   the only thing that kept me watching as long as i did  ( 1 hour )  was that i was looking at the camera techniques ,  lighting and scenery which were all ,  i admit ,  excellent .  but is that enough to hold your attention for 2 hours ?  not me .  maybe tomorrow i'll try watching the end .  aw ,  who am i kidding .  i have more important things to do .  i'm sure you do ,  too .  skip this . 
first ,  i should mention that i really enjoyed ishii katsuhito's previous film  " samehada otoko to momojiri onna "   (  " shark skin man and peach hip girl "  )  .  although it owed a debt to tarentino's  " pulp fiction "  ,  ishii's cast was up to the task of carrying the story ,  and the entire film crackled with energy .  the scenes between asano tadanobu and gashuin tatsuya were particularly engaging .  there was action ,  intrigue ,  bizarre characterizations ,  enough sex to keep things interesting ,  and an utterly unpredictable story line .   so it was with a certain amount of anticipation and optimism that i began to watch  " party 7 "  .  and my enthusiasm was certainly piqued with the opening credits ,  which left my wife and i actually stunned by how dynamic and exciting they were ;  the mix of anime and live-action work was brilliant !  then ,  the actual movie started .  actually ,  it didn't so much  " start "  as sort of shuffle in the side door and stand there ,  fumbling through its pockets ,  looking uncomfortable .   the entire film takes place in three rooms .  one is a futuristic voyeur's paradise  ( borrowed a bit from  " shark skin man .  .  .  "  )  ,  another is a travel agent's office ,  and the third  ( and far the most used )  is a seedy hotel room .  in that room ,  a cast of seven characters meets and .  .  . does approximately nothing .  really .  i'm no stranger to  " talking "  films .  one of my all-time favorites is  " my dinner with andre "  ,  the talkiest of all talking films .   " my dinner with andre "  is far more exciting ,  and it just has two middle-aged men discussing their lives over dinner .  the key is that andre gregory and wallace shawn tell interesting stories .  the cast of  " party 7 "  literally just whine at each other for the entire film .   " no ,  you don't !  "   " yes ,  i do !  "   " no ,  you really don't !  "   " yes ,  i really do !  "   " no ,  you really ,  really don't !  "  yes ,  i really .  .  .  "  you get the idea ,  i hope .  i wish the directer had .    " party 7 is an unbelievably unengaging film .  there is only the flimsiest of plots  ( money stolen from the yakuza ,  just like in  " shark skin man .  .  .  "  )  ,  accompanied by almost no action .  there is no interesting dialog .  the characters are largely uninteresting .  it was as if ishii took the throwaway conversational moments from tarentino's films and built an entire film around them .  but tarentino's conversations always have their own internal logic and wit  (  " they call it a 'royale ,  with cheese' "  )  .  not so with the dialog here ,  which is duller than you can imagine .  if it weren't for the brief ,  hilarious cameo from gashuin  ( who is always marvelous )  and a low-key performance from the awesome asano tadanobu ,  i would've given  " party 7 "  a single star .  it really was chore to make it all the way through . 
pointless short about a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other .  that's it .  for about 5 minutes we see this .  it's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of dreadful music .  it looks interesting but there's no plot and really--the violence inherent in this got disturbing .  also the homo eroticism in this is played up but mixing it with violence was not a good idea .  some people who like avant garde material might like this but i found it incomprehensible ,  boring ,  stupid and  ( ocassionally )  disturbing .  really--what is the point in all this ?  i saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in stunned silence .  i really wish i could go lower than 1 . 
if you are hoping for anything new ,  you have chosen the wrong movie .  who can think that a movie that is a virtual replay of it's predeccesors can be good .  maybe the producer and maybe the director but hopefully they were not serious when they made this thing .  this whole movie is like making a greatest hits dvd of the 1st 3 films ,  but changing the actors .  bhhaaaad . 
its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movies of all time in my book .  this poor copy steals lots of material from the first three films going as far as even copying how persons die and what will happen in the future to the key characters and it basically tries to cram in three films into one and fails .  it fails even to create a good scary atmosphere for one  ( except with the odd exception where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films )  .   the only thing we can be thankful for is that there has not been an omen v . 
'the omen 4 :  the awakening' is a made-for-television sequel to the original 'the omen' film .  instead of satan possessing the body of a little boy ,  he possesses the body of a little girl adopted by rich parents ,  who is bullied at school and who ends up getting revenge against those who do her wrong .  the film seems to struggle with any horror factor ,  and a lot of the events that happen are simply silly rather than particularly frightening ,  and it is difficult to believe that this little girl is satan ,  even with all of the events that surround it .  i just did not find this film very suspenseful or frightening ,  particularly when compared to the original . 
the only connection this movie has to horror is that it is horribly unentertaining .  i would rather prick my finger with a rusty nail than have to sit through it again .  even for a tv movie it is flat .  the cast is boring .  the screenplay is as exciting as a bowl of sand .  how two directors conspired to create such a nothing movie will remain one of the great mysteries of the 20th century .  there is only one scene even vaguely worthy of inclusion in the omen franchise ,  and it is shot in slo-mo and cut short at the anticipated pay-off .  if you are tempted to see this ,  pop it in ,  set your alarm clock for 90 minutes and get comfy .  with any luck you'll doze off quickly ,  and the alarm will wake you once the worst is over .  namely ,  this movie . 
since i'd seen the other three ,  i figured i might as well catch this made for tv fourth part of the omen series .  as a stand alone film ,  this movie is mediocre ;  but as a sequel to the 1976 masterpiece ;  it's a travesty .  the film goes along the same route that many series' go down when they're running out of ideas ;  that being the idea of changing the male lead to a female .  it's always obvious that this film was made for television as the acting is very standard ,  the plot lacks ideas and the gruesome murder scenes seen in the previous three are kept to a bloodless minimum .  the film does keep a thread with the original ,  which i won't reveal as despite being obvious ;  that revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the movie .  the basics of the plot largely copy richard donner's original ,  and see a young couple adopt a child ,  which they name delia  ( not damiella or damiana ,  fortunately )  .  there's a big dog involved ,  and a child minder ;  and pretty soon ,  the wife starts to suspect that the child may not quite be normal ;  as she's menstruating at eight years old ,  and never suffered from any illnesses .  .  .   the first two sequels to the omen weren't bad at all ,  and the series really should have ended at number three .  i guess there was money involved somewhere down the line ,  as there really is no artistic reason why this film should have been made .  it brings nothing to the table in terms of originality ,  and the only thing it's likely to succeed in doing is annoying fans of the series .  the film looks and feels like a tv movie all the way through and for the most part plays out like a film about the troubled upbringing of a young girl .  indeed ,  asia vieira does look like a little bitch ;  but she never convinces that she's the antichrist ,  as her stares are redundant and most of the 'evil' she does is laughable .  faye grant is given the meatiest role ,  and doesn't impress ;  while the rest of the cast regret agreeing to star in such an awful waste of time .  the only good thing about this movie is the theme tune ,  which of course has been ripped off from the original ;  and is overused .  on the whole ,  this film really isn't worth seeing ;  as it delivers nothing that the series is famous for ,  and doesn't even do justice to weaker second sequel . 
this movie is about tyrannus ,  a gladiator who is brought back from the dead to summon tyrannus ,  a gladiator who must be brought back from the dead .  tyrannus ,  we learn after about an hour ,  is also called demonicus .  this adds much needed depth to the screenplay and calls into question our assumptions about identity ,  psychology and ourselves .    the spirit of tyrannus accomplishes his little to-do list  ( killing some people and saying repetitive phrases in latin )  by possessing the body of a college guy .  he uses a magic mind-control helmet to do this ,  which the college boy willingly puts on his head ,  and then at several points in the movie ,  takes off and puts back on .   maria performs oral sex on a poor man's sean willian scott ,  and tyrannus wears the rollerball glove .  tyrannus has his own green backlighting for no reason ,  and has apparently been sitting next to cg fire in an ancient concrete tunnel for centuries like this .  utter misfortune .   this movie is empty and will hurt you .  see it . 
on the surface the idea of omen 4 was good .  it's nice to see that the devil child could be a girl .  in fact ,  sometimes ,  as in the exorcist ,  when girls are possessed or are devilry it's very effective .  but in omen 4 ,  it stunk .   delia does not make me think that she could be a devil child ,  rather she is a child with issues .  issues that maybe only a therapist ,  rather then a priest could help .  she does not look scary or devilish .  rather ,  she looks sulky and moody .   this film had potential and if it was made by the same people who had made the previous three films it could of worked .  but it's rather insulting really to make a sequel to one of the most favoured horror trilogies ,  as a made for tv movie special .   on so many levels it lets down .  it's cheap looking ,  the acting is hammish and the effects are typical of a tv drama .  the characters do not bring any sympathy ,  and you do not route for them .  i recently re-watched it after someone brought it for me for christmas ,  and it has dated appalling .   if your thinking of watching this ,  then i would suggest that you don't .  watch one of the others ,  or watch the exorcist ,  or watch the good son .  just don't waste your time on this drivel ! 
what was the deal with the clothes ?  they were all dressed like something out of the late 70's early 80s .  the cars were even were outdated .  the school was outdated .  the nuns attire was outdated ,  and the hospital looked like something from the 40's ,  with its wards and wooden staircases and things .  nothing in the whole movie implied it took place in 1991 .  my mother was laughing ,  saying  " geeeee-od !  when was this movie made ?  "  when we pressed the  " info button "  on our remote ,  we were sure 1991 had to be typo !  did anybody else notice this ?  my favorite part ,  though ,  was when the woman tells her uppity muck husband ,  on the telephone ,  about the inverted cross in the mirror ,  and he just says  " well ,  look ,  i've got a congress meeting .  i'll talk to you about it later .  "  that line was just classic .  just like a man !  my mothers favorite part was when they gave the  " spawn of the devil child "  her very own rottweiler .  my mother said  " just what the spawn of the devil needs .  .  .  a rottweiler "  she also enjoyed all of the people collapsing in the churches ,  clutching their chests .  her other favorite part was the guy at the school parking lot ,  driving 5 miles a hour ,  driving right into the garbage truck/dump truck/front end loader thingee .  he had about 20 seconds to just stop the car .  .  . but he just kept going ,  with a real dumb vacant look on his face .  i mean ,  how fast can you go in a school parking lot ?  !  ?  !  whatever ! 
this inferior sequel based by the characters created by david selzer and harvey bernhard ( also producer )  concern on a matrimony named gene ( michael woods )  and karen york ( faye grant )  .  they adopt a little girl named delia from a convent .  gene york about re-elect for congressman and he presides the financing committee .  meanwhile ,  delia seems to be around when inexplicable deaths happen .  she creates wreak havoc when goes a metaphysical fair ,  as stores of numerology ,  therapy ,  counselling heal , yoga ,  tarots ,  among others are destroyed .  karen york hires an eye private ( michael lerner )  to investigate the weird and bizarre events .   this tv sequel displays thrills ,  chills ,  creepy events and gory killing .  delia such as damien seems to dispatch new eerie murder every few minutes of film ,  happening horrible killings  .  the chief excitement lies in watching what new and innocent victim can be made by the middling special effects .  furthermore ,  mediocre protagonists ,  faye grant and michael woods ,  however nice cast secondary ,  such as michael lerner , madison mason ,  duncan fraser and the recently deceased don s davis ,  he was an army captain turned into acting .  as always  ,  excellent musical score taken from omen i and iii by the great jerry goldsmith .  the movie is exclusively for hardcore followers omen saga .  the motion picture is badly directed by jorge montesi and dominique othenin girard .  previous and much better versions are the following  :  the immensely superior original 'omen' ( gregory peck ,  lee remick ) by richard donner ;  'damien' ( william holden ,  lee grant )  by don taylor ;  'final conflict' ( sam neil and tisa harrow )  by grahame baker .  rating  :  below average . 
having listened to and enjoyed harvey bernhard's omen ii commentary i was shocked to discover he was also behind this absolute piece of rubbish .  it's like a really bad tv movie you might glimpse in the middle of the day when you have the flu and are too ill to reach the remote .  i think at the bit where michael lerner is confronted by what i can only describe as a high school cast of les miserables my mouth hung open in disbelief .  and then my mouth was going up and down because i was laughing so much .  dire .  i don't know why i have to write a minimum of ten lines ,  i have made my point succinctly ,  there's nothing clever about all this modern verbiage . 
and it did .  it is through my experience that when a horror film reaches  " franchise "  status ,  and subsequent titles are released thereafter ,  they all ,  in turn ,  become stricken by one inevitable factor :  irrelevance .  omen iv :  the awakening makes no exception to this rule ,  featuring another small child supposedly embracing their role as the anti-christ ,  foretold by a religious prophecy .  haven't we seen this before ?  wasn't it enough that ,  over the span of three films prior to this release ,  we've experienced the rise and fall of damien thorn ?  if you're a horror enthusiast such as myself ,  you'll realize that it's common for a horror movie that has many sequels and prequels to its credit to fade away into redundancy - children of the corn ,  hellraiser ,  phantasm ;  the list goes on .  at this point in the game ,  i'm sure you know what to expect when you're prepared to view the fourth title in a series .  regardless ,  there are times when you sit back and realize how shameless some filmmakers are .  omen iv :  the awakening is just that ,  too - a shameless money making exercise .   this film does not offer anything new or intriguing to the omen lineup .  as unique and genuine as omen iv tries to be compared to its siblings ,  the similarities and plot devices are embarrassingly alike .  elements like the guardian dog ,  the involvement of a priest ,  the skepticism of the people involved ,  the decapitation death scene  ( clearly a homage to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the sheet of glass )  .  .  . even right down to the father's involvement in politics and prestige within the community make it too predictable .    although it is common to star a b-rated cast into a horror title this far into a series ,  the acting is off the charts ,  chock-full of ridiculousness and unintentional humor due to some of the poorly delivered lines throughout this film .  the atmosphere has completely vanished in comparison to the first three titles .  in addition ,  the epic score composed by goldsmith in the previous movies has been replaced by an auditory debacle ;  an absolute joke ,  and made me wonder if it was actually intended to be used for this film or just pulled from a  " bank "  of stock audio .  .  . which really says something ,  because rarely do i comment on the lousy misuse of a musical score - until now .   all in all ,  i'd call omen iv :  the awakening a failure .  in the world of horror movies that carry a long list of titles behind them ,  some manage to hit the mark and some don't .  if you're interested in creating another notch on your weathered horror belt such as i am for completion purposes ,  perhaps you could carve this title into it as well - if not for entertainment value ,  then to appreciate when a film is executed properly ,  or poorly . 
after the already disappointing  " final conflict "  ,  the series hits rock-bottom with this very weak fourth entry .  at least the third film tried  ( unsuccessfully )  to continue the story of damien ,  while this one simply rehashes and copies ideas from the  " omen "   ( animals are afraid of the antichrist ,  the death of one man is very similar to the death of the photographer in the first film )  .  but what looked exciting and creative there looks just dumb here .  and the little girl looks simply like a spoiled kid . 
***spoilers*** like some evil tinkers-to-evers-to-chance double-play combination we have in  " omen iv "  the evil seed of the deceased antichrist damien thorn come back .  terrorizing his parents his schoolmates his neighbors and finally the entire world as a she named delia york ,  asia vieila .  after being given to a  " deserving "  couple the yorks karen & gene ,  fay grant & michael woods , by the catholic church's st .  francis orphanage .   little delia didn't waste any time making her peasants felt by scratching her mom at a house party .  later delia almost get killed by a runaway truck only to have herself saved by this  " devil dog "  named ryder .  going to school delia takes care of the local bully by getting the big guy to wet himself in front of all his classmates .  later when his father threatens the yorks with a law suit she has his head sliced off in a self-induced traffic accident !  delia is someone that you never mess with if you know what's good for you .   meanwhile dalia's dad gene becomes a big man in town on his own ,  or so he thinks ,  by getting elected to the congress as a champion of the clean air and green trees crowd instead of letting the smog and concrete boys take over the neighborhood with his eye now on he white house itself !  did his bratty and strange daughter delia have anything to do with gene york's sudden good fortune ?   it's only later when jo ,  ann hearen ,  is hired as delia's nanny that the truth's comes out about her strange and evil powers .  jo a new age type realizes that delia is a bit weird ,  after turning all her white crystals black ,  and calls her new age guru noah ,  jim byrnes ,  to come over and check her out .  noah is so upset by what he sees in delia kirilian color vibrations  , all black and blue with a little pinch of red ,  that it flips him out so bad that he almost crashed into delia's moms car .   taken on a trip to a psychic festival by jo delia turns the entire event into an inferno setting the place ,  through mental telepathy ,  on fire and heaving everyone there run for cover including poor noah who was at the festival and ended up with his leg broken .  the and shaken and battered guru was so shook up by the whole experience that he later checked out of the country to become a hermit in the tibetan wilderness .    jo herself is later thrown out ,  with the help of the sweet and cuddly family pet ryder ,  of a second floor window to her death because she knew and talked too much .  it's when karen is again pregnant that she decides ,  finally ,  to find out the truth about the real parents of delia .  that's when she , and we in the audience ,  come face to face with the truth .  she's not only the feared antichrist of revelations she's his twin sister !  her brother the antichrist himself is about to come on the scene as her kid brother the sill unborn alexander york !   three times were more then enough for the antichrist coming back to earth to bring about armageddon .  the movie going public were already getting a little tired of of him and his evil adventures .  with a fourth really not necessary since daimen thorn ,  the original antichrist ,  had been dead and buried for years .  were put through the usual ringer with no one believing that little delia is  " thee "  antichrist until it was almost too late to stop her in her deadly rounds of destroying the entire human race .  the movie as bad as it is is also far too long ,  97 minutes ,  for a horror flick that could well have told it's story is as little as 80 minutes .   having a private eye earl knight ,  mchael learner , and later a former catholic nun sister yvonne , megan lehch , and now faith healer felichy in the film only to be killed off didn't help the plot either .  it only prolonged the suffering of those of us watching the movie .  you could see the surprise ending coming almost as soon as the film  " omen iv "  began with the bases being cleared for delia's eventual takeover of the civilized as well as uncivilized world .  what was a bit of a surprise was delia doing it with a little help from friends . 
well since seeing part's 1 through 3 i can honestly say that they should have never made part 4 .  everything from the tacky ,  and i do mean tacky score to the really bad acting ,  i dare anyone to watch this and not be bored out of their minds .   i mean parts 1 to 3 kept the vibe strong on the plot of damion ,  but without him around in this one it's just not the same .  sure by the end of part 3 i was getting a little tired of the continued story line's ,  but it was a good closure at the end of the third one .  again there was no reason for a part 4 .  even if there was they could have done a much better job than this sh*t i had to sit through ,  lol .  there goes an hour and a half of my life i'll never see again . 
omen iv :  the awakening starts at the 'st .  frances orphanage' where husband & wife karen  ( faye grant )  & gene york  ( michael woods )  are given a baby girl by sister yvonne  ( megan leitch )  who they have adopted ,  they name her delia .  at first things go well but as the years pass & delia  ( asia vieria )  grows up karen becomes suspicious of her as death & disaster follows her ,  karen is convinced that she is evil itself .  karen then finds out that she is pregnant but discovers a sinister plot to use her as a surrogate mother for th next antichrist & gets a shock when she finds out who delia's real father was .  .  .   originally to be directed by dominique othenin-girard who either quit or was sacked & was replaced by jorge montesi who completed the film although why he bothered is anyone's guess as omen iv :  the awakening is absolutely terrible & a disgrace when compared to it illustrious predecessors .  the script by brian taggert is hilariously bad ,  i'm not sure whether this nonsense actually looked good as the written word on a piece of paper but there are so many things wrong with it that i find even that hard to believe .  as a serious film omen iv :  the awakening falls flat on it's face & it really does work better if you look at it as a comedy spoof ,  i mean the scene towards the end when the detective comes face-to-face with a bunch of zombie carol singers who are singing an ominous gothic song has to be seen to be believed & i thought it was absolutely hilarious & ridiculous in equal measure .  then there's the pointless difference between this & the other omen films in that this time it's a young girl ,  the question i ask here is why ?  seriously ,  why ?  there's no reason at all & isn't used to any effect at all anyway .  then of course there's the stupid twist at the end which claims delia has been keeping her brother's embryo inside herself & that in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of satan worshippers it has been implanted in karen so she can give birth to the antichrist is moronic & comes across as just plain daft .  at first it has a certain entertainment value in how bad it is but the unintentional hilarity gives way to complete boredom sooner rather than later .   it's obviously impossible to know how much of omen iv :  the awakening was directed by girard & montesi but you can sort of tell all was not well behind the camera as it's a shabby ,  cheap looking poorly made film which was actually made-for-tv & it shows with the bland ,  flat & unimaginative cinematography & production design .  then there's the total lack of scares ,  atmosphere ,  tension & gore which are the main elements that made the previous omen films so effective .   the budget must have been pretty low & the film looks like it was .  the best most stylish thing about omen iv :  the awakening is the final shot in which the camera rises up in the air as delia walks away into the distance to reveal a crucifix shaped cross made by two overlapping path's but this is the very last shot before the end credits roll which says just about everything .  i have to mention the music which sounds awful ,  more suited to a comedy & is very inappropriate sounding .  the acting is alright at best but as usual the kid annoys .   omen iv :  the awakening is rubbish ,  it's a totally ridiculous film that tries to be serious & just ends up coming across as stupid .  the change of director's probably didn't help either ,  that's still not a excuse though .  the last omen film to date following the original the omen  ( 1976 )  ,  damien :  omen ii  ( 1978 )  & the final conflict  ( 1981 )  all of which are far superior to this . 
to the small minority seen here praising this film get serious .  i know it's down to peoples personal opinion at the end of the day ,  but anyone with more than a couple of brain cells can surely see that this is total rubbish .  so bad it does not deserve to be part of this franchise .  i can only assume those saying how great this is are friends with somebody involved in the film and are trying to give their career a push .  poor in every way ,  don't con people by saying otherwise .  storyline is a weak rehash of the previous entries ,  script is likewise .  attempts to hide the lack of originality by using a girl instead  ( wow !  )  don't disguise the film-makers lack of ideas , and there is sadly a complete lack of any scares .  absolutely no redeeming qualities ,  utter utter turd .  i've awarded this pair of chancers one mark simply for having had the nous to get someone to fund this piece of crap .  they must have put more effort into that than they did into actually making the film .  shame . 
i mean really ,  how could charles band the head of full moon let a total stink-ball like demonicus out .  i mean it should never got the green light to begin with .  the story is repetitive ,  the characters are weak at best ,  there is no real story on tyranus other then he's a bad dude .  then they writer or director goes out his way for a bad ending .  that's right a bad ending ,  demonicus rises .  the last survivor escapes a deadly cave in ,  then a picture of chimera comes to life ,  cheaply i might add and chases her out .  then as she is walking home ala funhouse .  a statue that has been destroyed centuries ago reappears for no reason just to collapse on top of her .  i mean ,  that makes no sense .  what the hell was charles thinking allowing this pile of puke to be made ,  with four different movie companies they were that desperate for movies .  they could have asked me ,  i had better ideas then demonicus .  thanksgiving turkey . 
i recently decided to revisit the omen trilogy only to discover that {insert demonic music here} there is a fourth .  i didn't expect much from it ,  and in that respect it certainly lived up to my expectations .  if you're into watching bad movies for a laugh ,  then this just may be the movie for you .  oh ,  where do we start ?   from the onset ,  the  " made for tv "  look and feel of the movie was obvious .  the music was often inappropriately matched with what was happening in the movie and therefore  ( at best )  distracting .  the script had all the suspense of an 8 year-olds work of fiction .  but one thing that must be said is that the lacking script was very well matched up with the appalling acting .  numerous scenes left me contemplating whether it was the script or the acting that was the source of ridiculousness .   the story itself is quite thin ,  centering on all the crazy antics of the daughter of damien thorn ,  adopted out by wrong-doing and badly acted nuns .  there is the usual lot of mysterious and convoluted deaths that personally made me yawn as the  " drama "  unfolded ,  and the usual third-party investigator into the whole affair .  later ,  via some medical phenomena ,  damien thorn jnr is born .  and that pretty much wraps up the plot .  the whole thing is executed rather badly right from the beginning with the lack of suspense making the movie one monotonous and/or ridiculous scene after another .    there were many wtf ?  !  ?  moments too that provides the unintended comedy relief .  for example ,  what's with the major over-reaction at the beginning of the movie when the baby scratches the mother's cheek ?  ?  hardly a 360-degree-head-turning omen .  i also laughed at the over-reaction at the baptism .  the baby cries ,  and everyone looks very concerned .  the distressed mother runs out of the church and the priest is left looking very alarmed while crossing himself .  huh ?  then there is the new-age nanny that seems to have carte blanche on exposing an 8 year-old to all kind of alternative spiritualism .  i laughed when the nanny suggested bringing the troubled delia to a psychic fair to meet the nanny's hippie friends and the mother just shrugs her shoulders and allows it .   " yeah that's groovy ,  fill my troubled 8 year old daughter's head with all this mysticism stuff .  that's cool .  i don't need to be there .  "  of course this would be expected from a mother who allows her daughter to adopt a fully grown rottweiler they encounter on the street that could bite the little girls head off as a snack .  the entire scene at the psychic fair is quite comical in a slapstick kinda way ,  from the horrified reactionary stares of the psychics to delia ,  to the ensuing inferno .   i also laughed at how the nun's death is considered a  " freak accident "  .  here we have a religious zealot ,   ( who is described as being part of a cult )  ,  who is fanatically preaching in a pit full of rattlesnakes to prove how god's glory will protect them .  she antagonizes the snakes by handling them and somehow she is bitten several times .  hardly a freak accident .  more like a successful suicide attempt .    the snakes-vs-nun scene wasn't the only comical death .  there is the slow-speed car accident resulting in decapitation in a school parking lot .  then there is the slow-motion demolition ball headed straight for the detective .  i believe i may have gone and made a coffee when the slow-motion started only to come back to see the demolition ball still headed straight for the  " concerned "  detective .  then there is the quintessential who-shot-who cliché death ,  where a gun goes off and both act as if they have been shot for several seconds while exchanging horrified glances .  then someone goes tumbling down the stairs revealing who the real victim was .  additionally ,  the death of the priest at the beginning of the movie seemed a little strange and pointless to me .  he runs around looking at the architecture of the church .  obviously finding this quite distressing ,  he eventually collapses ,  clutching his chest and dies .  apparently something demonic was happening ,  as this is what the music was suggesting .  ummm .  ok .    i am surprised that others have reviewed this film favorably and ,  in particularly ,  as a  " worthy sequel "  .  it is difficult not to notice the non-sensical script ,  the unrealistic acting ,  and the inappropriate musical score .  the movie lacks any suspense ,  relying heavily on delia's  " demonic stare "  to provide a sense of horror ,  which becomes rather annoying after a short time .    bottom line  :  this is a bad movie with the only redeeming feature being it's unintended potential for being a comedy . 
the first question that springs to mind after watching this rubbish is who on earth gave these idiots the right to use the omen name on this movie ?  it is a shambolic  ,  embarrassing ,  pathetic atempt to carry on the omen franchise .  when the film starts the backing music sounds like it has been lifted straight from a bugs bunny cartoon and from then on the film gets worse !  i dont know who wrote the script but i bet they got a e - for it when they took it back to show their teacher !  it is difficult after a while to tell if this is a comedy because what happens is so funny and so un true to the original omen it beggers belief .  the acting is laughable  ,  especially from the leading lady faye grant .  she keeps pulling silly faces or is she finding it difficult not to laugh ?  it's hard to tell .  the worst sequal i have ever had the misfortune to witness .  1 out of 10 . 
this sequel is a total rehash of the first film .  a completely pointless movie .  it basically just took every single sceanrio of the first film and they redid it in omen iv except with a female antichrist this time .  it even ends the same way as the first one !  the music is too busy and interfering ,  and because its pretty much a copy of omen i ,  it's extremely predictable .  it's not a horrible movie ,  it's not terribly made ,  there is much worse movies out there ,  this just had absolutely no point in being made .  the omen remake from 2006 is much worse ,  even more pointless than this ,  so i guess it has that .  if you someone pointed a gun to your head and you had to choose to watch this sequel or the 2006 reamke ,  i guess i'd choose this . 
omen iv  ( 1991 )  was a bad made-for-t . v .  movie .  since the 80's were over ,  i guess the executives were experimenting in meth  ( the drug of choice during the 90's )  because there is no other reason to explain this travesty .  why did they even bother making this ?  a t . v .  movie ?  what were they mulling over when this one came up on the idea board ?  did they even think for a second that this movie would catch on as .  perhaps they thought it could make it as a series ?  we'll never know .  but i know one thing .  this movie was the major reason why i never bought the omen trilogy .  they should have knocked off a couple of bucks instead of putting out this  " extra "  disc .   omen iv is basically a average american family remake of the first film .  instead of a snot nosed punk kid ,  we get the spooky girl who's a total brat to everyone around her .  if the family had stronger parenting skills ,  then none of the demonic events that have transpired in the past films would have never occurred .  these parents need to put their foot down and do some real discipline !    not recommended ,  best to avoid at all cost ! 
this is a truly wretched little film .  admittedly the original  ( un ) holy trinity was governed by the law of diminishing returns with the third ,   " the final conflict "  degenerating into a ridiculous sub-plot about half-way through the film apparently merely to provide the requisite needlessly convoluted deaths that had by now become the whole raison d'etre for the  " omen "  series .  but then to foist this jumped-up tv movie  ( beware purchasers of the omen box set on dvd - don't be fooled by the widescreen ratio of the transfer ,  this was and is strictly small-screen stuff )  on the back of a series of generally fine demonic chillers was unforgivable ,  particularly ,  endorsed as it was ,  by the exec . producer and producer of the first three movies mace neufeld and harvey bernhard .  i'd give-away the plot if there was any ,  besides the usual death scenes  ( hopelessly toned down for tv sensibilities )  and some of the worst acting i've seen .  all involved in this project down to the catering people should be ashamed this travesty ever made it to the screen ,  let alone masquerading under the omen name .  if one person is convinced by my review to avoid this mess ,  i'll feel better for it . 
i saw the omen when i was 11 on tv .  i enjoyed the trilogy .  so when the chance to finally see one at the cinema came around i didnt pass it up .  i went in to the cinema knowing that what i was about to see wasnt a cinema release but a made for tv film .  however being a fan i couldnt resist .  but this omen movie which i saw at a midnight screening didnt bring chills it brought laughter .  risible dialogue such as  " it is written that if a baby cries during baptism they reject there god "  .  what nonsense . no decent set pieces .  faye grant so good in v is wasted with this script from hell .  no suprises and no fun .  however i did laugh out loud several times at our bad it was . truly pathetic . 1 out of 10
the fact that i watched this entire movie says something about it .  .  . or me .  it is not a good movie .  terrible in fact .  but terrible in the way that kept my attention in that perverse manner that is akin to watching a tragedy and not being able to look away .  it would have made a great mst3k subject !   most of the things that make a terrible movie enjoyable are here :  bad dialogue ,  inappropriate music ,  contrived plot sequences ,  ridiculous pseudoscience .  you'll thrill to slo-mo death sequences ,  the poor victims with mouths agape and waaaaaaaay too much time to contemplate their impending doom ,  facing the outrageously contrived deliverer of their deaths .  your heart will be warmed by old action scene cliches like when two women struggle for a gun and it goes off ,  but who's shot ?  both look at themselves ,  then the other ,  then themselves ,  then  ( seemingly 15 minutes later )  ,  one finally goes down .  you'll sing along  ( in latin of course )  with the street carolers that turn into a ghastly death's-choir that ,  for a moment ,  threatened to turn the movie into a twisted musical .   so if you believe like i do that as movies get worse they get better ,  then this might be a decent choice for you .  it's not as funny as my current sci-fi schlock favorite ,   " they live "  featuring rowdy roddy piper ,  but it's more fun to watch than luke-warm movies like omen ii or iii .   i give it 4 out of 10 . 
as with many other pop-culture franchise series ,  this line just didn't know when to quit .  instead of leaving things as they were perfectly ended ,  they went on to generate this ;  the first installment of this franchise to fall sorely short of the mark .   this movie should never have happened .  it was not intended for there to have been a fourth movie in this line ,  and it sure shows .  the premise is idiotic and the portrayals were the same .   after the wonderful experience which was the omen ,  this was a major disappointment which stank of 70's cheese and horrible acting .  it was reminiscent of the amityville horror in those aspects ,  and left a terrible ,  lingering stench long after it was over .    it rates a 1 . 4/10 from .  .  .   the fiend  :  . 
honestly ,  i don't know what's funnier ,  this horrific remake ,  or the comments on this board .  masterpiece's review had me in tears ,  that's so funny .  anyway ,  this movie is the among the worst movies ever ,  and certainly the bottom of the barrel for sequels .  the  " omen "  name on the title made me stop and watch it this morning on hbo ,  but it's a slap in the face to the other three ,  especially the original .  there are so many classically bad moments ,  but my favorite is the guy catching fire from the juggler at the psychic fair !  !  good times  !  this movie is to the omen series what  " scary movie "  is to the entire genre .  avoid unless you're looking for a good laugh . 
only the antichrist could have been behind such a disaster .  one only hopes that this irony was the motivating force behind the  " film "  !  this movie was so bad ,  it forced me to register with imdb ,  finally ,  just so i could trash it .  what makes this movie all the more tragic is that it had such great source material !  i have never seen a movie where all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre as to render the result less than the sum of its parts .   it may seem insignificant ,  but i'd like to start with the score .  as the proud owner of a music degree ,  i must register my indignation !  i was torn between laughter and dry heaves as i listened to what john scheffer did to goldsmith's brilliant score ;  it was far more gruesome than any of the burlesque death scenes ,  and almost as inadvertently comedic .  it was by far the most inappropriate score i've heard since ,  well ,  i really can't think of a worse one .  maybe jaws 4 ?   as for the plot .  .  .  i'm sorry .  new age mysticism ?  ?  ?  what ever happened to the gritty realism of the original trilogy ?  in those films  ( more so in the first two than the third ,  but still !  !  )  the supernatural was for the most part implied ,  and it was this subtlety that made the movies so eerily believable .  here we have crystals going black  ( calling all skeksis and mystics !  !  )  and inverted crucifixes galore ,  even though in certain scenes the crucifux would be perfectly normal but for the camera angle .  gone is the refined psychlogical manipulation tapping the malaise inherent in our collective psyche :  in its place a boorish  " slap in the face "  of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence .  add to that a lead  " actress "  so unbelievably annoying that you fervently thank the director for those scenes from which she is absent .  never have i seen a little girl so fundamentally irritating since little stephanie ruined all in the family .   other than that ,  i have no strong feelings on the subject  ; - )  luckily the first three films are sufficiently adroit as to render this train-wreck of wasted celluloid inconsequential or ,  at the very most ,  a study in how not to make a film .  viewer beware !  may induce vomiting if you're lucky . 
this movie is so awful ,  it is hard to find the right words to describe it !   at first the story is so ridiculous . a narrow-minded human can write a better plot !  the actors are boring and untalented ,  perhaps they were compelled to play in this cheesy film .   the camera receptions of the national forest are the only good in this whole movie .  i should feel ashame ,  because i paid for this lousy picture .   hopefully nobody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a worse storyline  : - ) 
this movie is unworthy of the omen title .  it is so bad that it has actually damaged the classic nature of the first three .  it never should have been made ,  they ought to change the title .   they don't even spell damien thorn's name correctly !  !  !  !  and there are no daggers ,  the most important element of all the omen films .  pull it from the shelves and burn it . 
i don't know how this movie received so many positive reviews on this site !  i'm a big vonnegut fan and am very familiar with the story this showtime original film bastardized beyond belief ,  but even if i wasn't ,  the poor acting ,  very poor casting  ( sean astin as the brilliant ,  athletic ,  and all around individual ,  harrison ?  ?  the guy's completely generic !  )  and sub-standard writing rendered this tripe barely watchable .  someone pointed out how cute that maculay culkin line was .  if you read that and thought that was pure comic brilliance  ( sadly ,  it probably was the most intentionally funny part of the movie )  ,  maybe you'll like this movie .  but if you're a vonnegut fan or not completely insane ,  don't see it .  please . 
man ,  even plan 9 from outer space is better than this movie .  this flick doesn't have enough plot for half an hour ,  yet they managed to extend it for an eternity of more than an hour .  jet li and corey yuen are pretty good ,  specially in those exaggerated fight scenes ,  but stuff like the legend of fong sai yuk is much better than this sorry thing that would be better left unmade . 
considering that i felt like picking up a new jet li film to see some but kicking and brainless hand to hand fighting ,  i grabbed this title .   unfortunatly ,  this movie contains more gun battles  ( ala chow yun fat but nowhere near as good )  ,  than jet li and company's acrobatic fighting .  thus it was a let down .   the faucet fighting was interesting and even funny ,  considering this was something totaly unexpected in a jet li film for me ,  more on the line of say jackie chan .   but alas i'd recommend fist of legend ,  tai chi master ,  or even the enforcer over this dissapointment .   rating 4 for martial arts rating 3 for overall movie score
ok first of all let me say that i'm still amazed of how the plot sucks ,   but than again its a movie that sequels a steven segal movie only with no steven segal omg !  !  !   just random low budget action scenes really no point i 'm still amazed i burned 90 min on this crap really  !  !   just rent a jacky chan movie or go see wwf more fun and has no and presume not to have and plot !  !  !  plz plz plz avoid it !  !  btw the best actor playing there is bill goldberg and that says a lot !  !   and no he doesn't play very well like i said plz avoid it pfff i still cant believe i wasted 90 min and spent 10 min more writing this !  !   :  ) 
wow !  why would anybody make a sequel to an already rancid film ?  half past dead was a bad movie but at least at had an idea of what it wanted to be .  hpd2 has no clue of what it wants to be .  it just exists on screen for reasons i cant explain .  spoiler :  the whole movie is this :  twitch ( played by kurupt of tha dogg pound )  gets transferred to another jail where there might be a box filled with gold bricks buried .  in the jail ,  a riot breaks out between rival inmates ,  one of them gets shot by a guy named cortez and cortez plans his escape .  during a conjugal visit ,  twitch's fiancée and burke's ( played by bill goldberg ) daughter get kidnapped by cortez and are held in an execution room .  burke reluctantly befriends twitch and they end up getting into trouble with the idiotic inmates while finding out that cortez has their loved ones .   opinion :  this is the most unnecessary sequel since universal soldier :  the return .  the script is terrible ,  the acting is horrendous ,  the dialog is a joke and everybody in this movie is a caricature .  look ,  i know it was low budget film but that is not an excuse for these guys to not put effort into what they do .  nobody in this  " movie "  believes in the characters they play .  nobody in this  " movie can be taken seriously as an actor .  kurupt should be ashamed of himself .  his character  " twitch "  is pretty much a spineless minstrel puppet who spends most of his time posing while getting jacked up by burke or the other inmates .  bill goldberg spends most of his time sulking throughout the movie as if he had to take a phd ( pretty huge dump )  .  the fight scenes are poorly choreographed and pathetic and for an action movie hpd2 is pretty boring even when action is happening !  don't let anybody tell you that this movie is somewhat decent .  it stinks and is a prime reason why people despise follywood . 
half past dead ,  starring steven seagal in the main role was a major b-hit .  half past dead 2 is just a direct-to-video sequel ,  an action movie with nothing lose but with no capacity to win something .  it's less entertaining than the first one :  in all aspects .  but it's although worthy a look .  if you like action movies or just something to watch during a popcorn session ;  if you also like to watch former wwe stars on screen or even if you love to watch sequels ,  even if they are direct or not .   kurupt did a good job ,  bill goldberg was below the average ,  i think he isn't made to the job .  kurupt is a good comedian ,  i say .  the rest did the job ,  but nothing amazing ,  nothing far from alright .   technical details ,  well ,  a production made by sony can't be great .  cinematography was a disaster but overall direction was acceptable .  whatever ,  just watch it if you want .  if you watch ,  you won't lose anything .  but if you don't .  .  .  well ,  you won't lose either . 
for those of you who were desperate to find out what happened to twitch in the original movie ,  heres your chance ,  and then get back to the real world .   the guy who hid the gold in the first movie told twitch ,  so he gets transferred to another prison ,  where wrestling champs hang around looking broody .  twitch plans to leave the jail in a month to get the gold to start a life with his woman .   then something happens and someone gets shot ,  and the film turns into die hard in another prison .  but the wrestler's daughter is caught up in it all ,  so he and twitch go to find her and twitch's woman .   as you can imagine ,  the acting is below par ,  it features a lot of  ( really annoying )  rap music ,  and poorly edited fight scenes .  on the plus side ,  it's got that hispanic bloke in it ,  who stars in every prison/action/thriller ever made ,  and he shuts a door in this .   it's not very eventful ,  but at least it's harmless .   if you were a massive fan of the original ,  it's okay-ish stuff .   if not ,  you have been warned . 
star rating :  ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning   long time inmate twitch  ( kurupt )  gets himself transfered to a tougher prison than the re-opened alcatraz .  he claims it's to be closer to his lady but his real motives are a bit more grandiose .  there he crosses paths with burke  ( bill goldberg )  a bulky prisoner who can take care of himself .  twitch ,  despite being less muscular ,  is just as mouthy and is pretty much the same .  but there is a gang war brewing between the black and hispanic inmates that explodes into a hostile takeover of the prison when the black's gang leader is shot dead and the finger points at burke .  but the sh ! t really hits the fan when the real killer and leader of the hispanics ,  cortez  ( robert madrid )  takes twitch's girlfriend and burke's daughter hostage .   steven seagal doesn't do sequels  ( reportedly very opposed to the idea of under siege 2 and only agreeing to do it on the condition the film company he was with at the time let direct his own movie )  so despite this being a dvd sequel ,  the lead role this time round goes to bill golberg  ( steve doesn't even appear in some of the stock footage from the first film that appears towards the end .  )  but there's a reason he hasn't done much work since universal soldier 2 and that's because he's not much of an actor ,  and not much of an action star either ,  managing a character that begins as very dark and brooding but unsubtly turns into a standard action hero awkwardly quipping off dull one-liners .  support wise ,  veterans from the first film ,  kurupt and tony plana ,  have merely jumped at the chance of extra work .   this is a film that's tried to copy the style of the original quite well ,  with the dim lighting ,  dark shadows and rap music playing over a lot of it .  it does this quite well ,  unfortunately it can't contend with an unengaging hero ,  an equally cardboard villain and an apathetic story that the makers do very much seem to have made up as they went along .  **
i can't believe that none of the official reviews for this movie warn people that it contains two quite upsetting sexual assault scenes .  it's as though our culture accepts this kind of behavior as simply sexual but not violent .  my biggest problem with the movie is that it doesn't seem to condemn these assaults - as in ,  the woman who is repeatedly assaulted and pressured never holds the men accountable for their actions ,  and neither does anyone else .  one man is stopped from completing the assault when someone throws a dagger at him ,  but he is reprimanded only with  " you cannot force a woman to love you "  rather than  " you should never force a woman sexually ,  you jerk "  .  .  .  from a woman's point of view ,  the movie is a let down .  it sort of  " throws a bone "  to women in letting them be both skilled fighters and leaders ,  but the movie is much more defined by the romance - which is characterized by the notion that human sexuality must involve an imbalance of power ,  with men dominating the woman they love .  this amazing martial arts fighter doesn't use any of her fighting skills to try to fend off her attackers .  she never even makes them apologize - rather ,  she seems apologetic .  overall ,  a depressing and upsetting movie ,  with some great cinematography and some cool fight scenes ,  but not as good as hero by a long shot . 
my wife and i like to rent really stupid horror/sci-fi movies and watch them with our friends for a laugh .  we saw this one on fullmoondirect . com and decided to add it to our netflix list .  now ,  when i say this movie is awful ,  i mean it in a good way .  everything about it ,  the acting ,  camera-work ,  story ,  costumes ,  is just so cheezy and low budget but thats what makes it so good .  i think in one scene the actors looked like they were actually walking in place .  i really hope that whoever made this film wasn't serious when they made it because if they were ,  then that would just be sad .  if you like to watch really stupid horror movies just to make fun of them then i recommend this one . 
first of all ,  i too was expecting another hero--a fantastic work of art for the action genre .  i've only seen parts of crouching tiger hidden dragon ,  but i can imagine that it is better than hofd .   basic elements from hero are found in hofd :  great landscapes ,  mesmerizing cinematography ,  and sincere acting  ( i mean ,  if you can't understand a word they are saying ,  without the subtitles ,  but you still care--that's good acting )   what went wrong ?  what begins with political intrigue wanders into a love story .  worse ,  it's a soap opera-like love triangle .  you have three characters who ,  i guess ,  fall in love with each other- for no good reasons .  this movie basically falls apart after the escape from the jail  ( i fell asleep about forty minutes into it )  .  it's almost as if they changed writers at that point .  the remainder of the movie is about how a character is  " like the wind .  "  ick .  also ,  you really have to stretch your suspension of disbelief to believe the action set pieces .  this isn't unique to this genre ,  but since the story is weak ,  you can't wait for the action ,  and then ,  when the fighting does breaks out ,  it really wasn't that good .  the beginning grabs you ,  but then this movie just runs out of gas . 
after just 15 minutes into this film ,  i began to miss zhang yimou's earlier ,  more weighty films that looked at the politics and society of china from unique perspectives .  his turn to martial arts films was a serious misstep in my humble opinion .  hero was his worst film since operation cougar ,  with a needlessly complex story and acting more wooden than that found in a john agar film .  shi mian mai fu is no different .  as an american who has been studying chinese films for a few years now  ( and understands and can speak some mandarin )  ,  i'm sure my opinion is different from many others as i'm coming from a different background .  smmf ,  like hero ,  is not really a traditional a kung fu film ,  and it's certainly not a wuxia pian film .  there are no sword & sorcery or chivalry elements here .  this is a completely different vehicle than infinitely more watchable films such as a chinese ghost story  ( all 3 )  ,  the butterfly murders ,  green snake ,  et al .  while those all featured charismatic leads who looked like they were actually enjoying what they do ,  smmf features bland ,  and sometimes laughable ,  dialogue combined with cardboard acting .  zhang ziyi plays a blind person about as well as ben affleck .  there's an air of superiority with this film that's really quite insulting .  it takes itself so seriously ,  it just becomes a huge joke by the end .  all the actors look as though this is the most important piece of celluloid in history ,  they destroy any chance of actually conveying emotions ,  and the complete humorlessness of it really makes you wonder if zhang yimou was making a film per se ,  or simply a showcase  ( i . e .  an  " ego booster "  )  for zhang ziyi .  the camera is literally making out with her face and she gets sexually assaulted not once but twice in the film .  her acting range really hasn't extended past her ability to play a naive  " w " itch .  she's so concentrated on her acting ,  she comes across as cold and lifeless ,  as though she's reading her lines from a notecard .  it's so funny to hear american critics and film people  ( like the completely clueless quentin tarantino )  call this film a masterpiece .  i guess if they see a bunch of asian actors on screen looking really important while flying through a bamboo forest ,  they're tricked into thinking it's brilliant film-making .  ching siu tung's choreography ,  while still retaining his trademark style ,  editing ,  and postures ,  lacks the vitality and originality of his earlier films like a chinese ghost story ,  dragon inn ,  and duel to the death .  sadly to say ,  the wirework in this film is really subpar ,  and if there's subpar/obvious wirework ,  then you probably shouldn't have filmed it at high speed .  the same goes for the special effects which have a distinct b-movie feel to them .  beans ,  daggers ,  bowls ,  arrows ,  swords ,  and other random objects fly through the air  ( after being thrown )  with no regard for logic ,  turning ,  climbing ,  and banking as though there's a little pilot inside .  i know that logic doesn't really hold a place in stylized chinese martial arts films ,  but if you don't want to induce a mass amount of giggling from your audience ,  then you should probably work on your compositing a bit more .  mass melodrama ,  unintentionally funny dramatic moments ,  boring fight scenes ,  really uninspired plot twists are what await you with shi mian mai fu .  it's obvious that zhang yimou is no longer making movies for chinese audiences .  this is meant to crack into the western market just as cthd did .  after watching hero and smmf ,  i've come to the conclusion that if zhang yimou wants to make hollywood films ,  he's definitely off to the right start .  smmf is basically the phantom menace of chinese martial arts films .  and i thought hero was bad . 
as someone who was staggered at the incredible visuals of  " hero ,  "  i was anxious to see this film which was billed as being along the same lines ,  but better .  it also featured an actress i like :  ziyi zhang .  well ,  i was disappointed on both counts .  i bought the dvd of this film sight-unseen ,  and that was a mistake .  it was not better .   i realize these flying-through-the-air martial arts films are pure fantasy but this story is stretched so far past anything remotely believable it just made me shake my head in disappointing disbelief .  a blind woman defeating hundreds of opponents ?  sorry ,  that's going a little far .  also ,  the major male character 'jin "   ( takeshi kaneshiro )  was so annoying with his dialog ,  stupid look on his face and stupid laugh ,  that he ruined the film ,  too .   despite the wonderful colors and amazing action scenes ,  this story - to me - just didn't have an appeal to make it a movie worth owning .  this film is no  " hero "  of mine ! 
i was very surprised how bad this movie was .  nice cinematography and beautiful landscapes can only take the movie so far .  i was hoping for a rerun of hero ,  but this is much ,  much worse .   this movie is why kung fu movies got a bad reputation in the first place .  no believable characters  ( even within the cartoonish world of kung fu movies ,  these characters are ridiculous )  ,  virtually no plot ,  and ridiculous story twists .   this movie is so boring and so frustrating because it reminds you of trying to play a make believe game with a child .  every time you think your silly battle makes some sense ,  they invent another ridiculous twist that makes no sense  (  " ah ha ,  you only think you've got me with your super powers and 10 , 000 ray guns ,  but i ate my vitamins laced with plutonium and teflon ,  so your ray guns don't work and i'm invulnerable to your super powers .  .  .  . tap tap no trade backs infinity plus one .  "  )  children can continue with this lunacy ,  because they don't really care whether anyone is listening because they are having a fun time .  however ,  for the viewer ,  especially the adult viewer ,  this long movie is worse than a bout with bad gas .   spoilers ahead note to kung fu movie makers ,   ( a )  if you have a knife in your back it hurts unless you are on pcp ,  in which case your kung fu is not strong ,   ( b )  if you repeatedly fall on your back ,  which has a knife in it ,  it will hurt more and do more damage ,  unless it is a fake prop ,   ( c )  when you get stabbed in the heart with a knife ,  you die ,  especially in ancient china where there isn't a kaiser permanente around the corner ,   ( d )  kung fu fights don't last for hours while 3 feet of snow falls ,  and  ( e )  sometimes it is worth while explaining your characters and their motivations .   in any event ,  go watch hero again ,  because at least within its own little world it is comprehensible . 
normally ,  i am a pretty generous critic ,  but in the case of this film i have to say it was incredibly bad .  i am stunned by how positive most reviews seem to be .   there were some gorgeous shots ,  but it's too bad they were wasted on this sinkhole of a movie .  it might have worked if  " daggers "  was purely an action flick and not a romance ,  but unfortunately the film is built around an empty love triangle .  there is no chemistry between either of the couples ,  whatever exists between mei and her men seems to be more lust than love ,  and for the most part the dialogue is just silly .  this may be just a problem with translation ,  but the frequent usage of the word  " flirt "  in particular reminded me of 8th grade ,  not head-over-heels ,  together forever ,  worth-dying-for love ;  i also felt we were beat over the head with the wind metaphor .  the audience is given very little about the characters to really care about ,  and therefore very little emotional investment in the movie as a whole .  i was wishing for a remote control to fast forward ,  i was slumped in my seat ready to snore ,  but mostly i just cringed a lot .   *******spoiler*****  now ,  the icing on the cake .  or rather ,  adding insult to injury .  the ending was truly one of the most horrible ,  laughable ones i have ever seen .  the boys are having their stag fight and screaming and yelling and hacking at each other .  oh ,  and then it starts to snow .  randomly .  oh ,  and then mei  ( dagger embedded in heart )  suddenly pops up out of the weeds .  then she throws a dagger that seems to take about 5 minutes to reach it's destination ,  even slowing conveniently midscreen to hit a tiny blood droplet .  wow ,  cool .   well ,  then mei dies finally i guess because she threw the dagger that was lodged in her chest and bled to death .  jin sings ,  sobs ,  holds her body close ,  screen goes blank .  i ,  and the people surrounding me ,  are chuckling .  not a good sign .   visually stunning ,  but ultimately a failure . 
i gave this a 1 .  there are so many plot twists that you can never be sure to root for .  total mayhem .  everyone gets killed or nearly so .  i am tired of cross hairs and changing views .  i cannot give the plot away .  convoluted and insane .  if i had paid to see this i would demand my money back .  i wish reviews were more honest . 
the banner says it all ,  this is one really bad movie ,  which is sad because i normally like sheffer ,  and i have been impressed with andrea roth in other roles .  this ,  however ,  is terrible .  i wont waste any more time .  .  . its just that bad . 
while i watched this movie ,  i tried to figure out why they bothered making it .  though the main plot of the movie is potentially good ,  there are all sorts of unrelated/unnecessary subplots .  the marketing people in hollywood must have dictated the multiple bad guys ,  perpetual double-crosses and the man and woman who get too close and have sex .  it's odd that we see more of them having sex than we did of the president and his mistress .  the many plots and subplots make the film too broad and none of the characters are properly developed - i really didn't feel like i knew any character ,  except that everyone is corrupt and evil .  the ending is totally incomplete - it left me more than just wanting what might have been ,  but what was supposed to be .  in the end ,  there is really no explanation of why anyone does what they do ,  except to serve as additional corrupt characters who commit a double-cross .  i'm surprised that so many established  ( and good )  actors agreed to make such a hollow movie .  this seemed like a movie made by college students who are working on their 2nd or 3rd project .   don't waste your time unless you are in a film class and want an example of what not to do when making a movie . 
spoiler alert well i think this movie is probably the worst film ever made .  probably in the style of ed wood ( without the heart )  .  the lightning is terrible .  the music is very bad ( piano and orgue .  .  .  come on !  )  .  the acting is .  .  .  well there is no acting !   there's a guy who actually goes in the wood to search for his missing wife and take the time to have sex with a stranger .   the killer is a fat ,  unscary clown who couldn't outrun a turtle !   every members of the cast is stupid and the director put every clichés of slashers movies in the film without effort .   the end is so far the most stupid ever made .  think about it :  the guy ( ken hebert )  who's acting skill is about the same as his writing ( he's the brain behind this flop )  invite a co-worker and two of his friends to his cabin for the week-end and kills them .  .  .  on monday morning he goes back to is office like nothing happen .   the tragedy is that mr . hebert try to make us beleive that it's a family affair that goes on for generation ( his uncle is the clown killer )   so of course no cops are gonna question him after his co-worker goes missing .  .  .   whatever .   
spoilers ahead if you want to call them that .  .  .   i would almost recommend this film just so people can truly see a 1/10 .  where to begin ,  we'll start from the top .  .  .   the story :  don't believe the premise - the movie has nothing to do with abandoned cars ,  and people finially understanding what the mysterious happenings are .  it's a draub ,  basic ,  go to cabin movie with no intensity or  " effort "  .   the screenplay :  i usually give credit to indie screenwriters ,  it's hard work when you are starting out .  .  . but this is crap .  the story is flat - it leaves you emotionless the entire movie .  the dialogue is extremely weak and predictable boasting lines of  " woah ,  you totally freaked me out "  and  " i was wondering if you'd uh .  .  . if you'd like to .  . uh ,  would you come to the cabin with me ?  "  .  it makes me want to rip out all my hair ,  one strand at a time and feed it to myself .   the characters :  holy crap !  !  !  !  some have described the characters as flat ,  i want to take it one step further and say that they actually have a reverse character arch .  .  they actually start working on a parallel universe and almost start acting backwards .  .  .   the actors :  worse than the characters are the actors .  they take already poor written characters and add in terrible high school drama acting .  the  " woah you totally freaked me out "  was said so monotone and slow - like it was dumbed down .  i could complain for hours on the actors alone .   technical :  lighting :  an eight year old would be disappointed with lighting on this movie .  too shadowy in areas ,  too bleached in others .  the director shouldn't use light as an emotion until he learns how to light a basic scene properly .  baby steps !  sound :  how many sound guys does it take to make a really shotty sounding movie ?  9 .  with that many sound guys this should sound amazing but quite the opposite has occured .  there is one scene in particular that really sticks out ,  these guys are driving in a car and the sound of the car changes with every camera angle .  .  .  . weak !  camera :  learn to use it .   anyway ,  i'm running out of complaining space .  .  .  .  . rent it - i dare you .  .  . rent it and learn from it .  .  . give it a 1 rating .  . it deserves it .   signing off .  .  .  amanda christmas
this movie is just horrible .  it's boring ,  it's low quality ,  the actors are just the worst actors i have ever seen and the scenario is so bad that it's hilarious .   the  " main "  actor is supposed to be the hot guy who gets all the girls ,  but he's ugly ,  overweight and looks like he's from the early 90's .   all the characters are away for the week-end for a get together amongst friends ,  but nobody are actually friends !  the married couple hasn't seen the  " main "  guy in over 5 years and even back then they weren't really friends .  the  " date "  of the main guy only knows him from work and than there's a girl they pick-up at a bar .  now tell me that you would risk losing your job to spend a week-end at your cabin with people that aren't even your real friends .  because that's what he does at the beginning of the movie !   do not waste even one minute of your time on this lemon .  i've made home movies scarier than this !   
some kids are hiking in the mountains ,  and one of them goes into a large tunnel and discovers some old mummified gladiator .  he puts on the gladiator's helmet and spends the rest of the movie killing all the other hikers .   this thing is just so utterly senseless it's maddening .  here's a short list of things that don't make any sense :   1 )  a guy and a girl are in their tent and they think they hear something outside .  the guy goes out to investigate and finds another hiker outside .  then he hears his girlfriend scream so they head back to the tent - arriving the next morning ?  !  ?  he was only 50 feet away !   2 )  these two dunderheads then hear another girl scream  ( what ,  100 feet away ?  )  ,  but don't investigate because they're afraid they'll get lost .   3 )  another guy and a girl are walking around ,  and in about their 10th scene together the girl informs the guy that due to the circumstances ,  protocol no longer requires him to address her as professor .  i mean ,  what the .  .  .  ?  first off ,  that's just a really stupid thing to say ,  secondly he never called her professor in the first nine scenes they were in together .   4 )  a wounded girl attacks demonicus and he stops her ,  telling her that part of his gladiator training taught him how to wound without killing .  um ,  yeah ,  we kinda noticed she's wounded and not dead because she's up and walking around .  but ,  thanks for that tidbit of information .   5 )  one girl is tied up in demonicus' lair ,  and when someone attempts to free her ,  she instead instructs this person to go and get help .  um ,  look ,  idiot ,  if she set you free ,  which would take about 5 seconds ,  there would be no need to get help .   and it just goes on and on .  the whole middle part of the movie is spent with the two idiots getting lost in the woods ,  then they fight ,  then they pitch a tent and ignore the screams of their friends ,  then they wander around some more .  it's just so damned boring and pointless that i turned the dvd off halfway through .    none of these characters are sympathetic ,  especially the ones that get the majority of the screen time .  demonicus himself made me laugh out loud every time i saw him - he looks like a kid in a halloween costume ,  scrunching his face up to look evil .  he runs ,  or should i say scampers around like he's gay .  the special effects are comedic ,  the acting is for the most part awful ,  and nothing makes any sense .   overall ,  maybe this concept could have produced an enjoyably campy film if they put some more time and effort into it ,  getting rid of the ludicrous dialogue ,  creating characters with actual likable personalities ,  having some sort of logical flow to the action ,  and maybe even making demonicus a female character in a sexy gladiator outfit .  but no ,  instead we get this senseless pile of nonsense that will bore you to death . 
i am writing this review having watched it several months ago .  .  .  . the trailer looked promising enough for me to buy this lame excuse for a movie .  it is a complete joke .  .  .  . and literally a spit in the face of real classics of the early generation of horror like texas chainsaw massacre  ( 1974 )  which they even had the gall to compare itself to on the back of the cover art .  the producer who played brandon should go flip burgers and serve up greasy hamburgers .  .  .  . hell he might not even be good at that either !  the lighting was bad bad bad and a big annoyance through out the film you couldn't even see the actor's faces sometimes .  i don't even remember the rest of the cast members which is sad really ,  bad they never do anything to impress you to make them memorable .  that's all the time i will waste on this review please stay as far away as you can from this pile of junk even if you get it for 25 cents don't do it buy s piece of gum at least it would keep you entertained !   if you want good quality low budget fun ,  far better than this .  .  .  then check out a jeff hayes film .  .  .  . because it takes talent to make it in horror and the kid has it !   i gave this 1 star just for the cover art .  .  .  . thats the only thing worth liking abut this so called  " film "   -rick blalock
i have seen a lot of stupid movies in my life ,  a lot ,  but this is without a doubt the worst one ever !  i usually like dumb movies ,  if they are somewhat entertaining ,  but i can't even think of one good thing about this movie .  i like  " teen witch "  for heaven's sake .  but s . i . c . k .  has horrible acting ,  lame porn music throughout the whole thing ,  and even the sex scenes sucked !  i would have to compare the lameness of this movie to the likes of  " twin dragons "  ,   " puppet master vs the demonic toys "  or even  " a very brady sequel "  .  although ,  this is by far worse then any of those .  i beg you ,  don't even waste your time .  believe me ,  its 2 hours you'll never get back . 
me and a friend rented this movie because it sounded really good .  but we were wrong .  first of the acting .  .  .  . wow .  .  . the acting was the worst ,  the effects were really bad as well ,  it seemed like a film a college kid made .  the plot was pretty good ,  but it'd been done .  the thing that ruined the movies the most were the actors .  the main guy was the worst actor ever .  .  . it's a shame i'm even calling him an actor .  .  . the only good thing about this movie was it was so bad it was funny .  .  . so if you want a good laugh see it .  .  .  . but other than that .  .  . stay far away from this one .  i usually love b list movies and such ,  but this one .  .  .  i do not know how it was passed to even be put on video .  .  . this one is the worst i've seen .  . and i've seen some bad ones . 
this film is the worst excuse for a motion picture i have ever seen .  to begin ,  i'd like to say the the front cover of this film is by all means misleading ,  if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown ,  you are soooo wrong .  in fact the killers face doesn't even slightly resemble the front cover ,  it's just an image they must have found on google and thought it looked cool .  speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool ,  there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods ,  then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight .  .  .  i mean seriously wtf ?  ?  ?  how is this relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through ?  i bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining ,  if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right ?  wrong !  the next day i gave it to my work colleague ridding myself from the plague named s . i . c . k  bottom line is :  don't see this film !  !  ! 
i rented this film about a month ago when i had nothing else to do on a friday night .  all i can say to describe this worthless film is 'trash' the acting is so badly done i've seen kids in high school do a better job the whole cast seems like they're just reading their lines out ,  no feeling ,  no emotion ,  and no room to capture the viewer .  on another note the special effects were insanely cheesy and the whole thing looked like it had been shot with a camera anyone can buy a radio shack .   the clown himself looks nothing like the one on the video cover .  heck he doesn't even show up in the film until near the end and all he does it hum songs and go around stalking a few characters .  there is no real murder shown either so this isn't a real slasher film either since i've seen it i've questioned a few things 1 .  if is 'serial insane clown killer' wouldn't that be a serial killer who kills clowns ?  2 .  if your friend goes missing why would you go out into the woods to have sex rather than look for her ?  sad really .   3 .  why is it that the only real acting sputtered vainly out at the end all of a sudden ?  did the cast finally decide to show effort in their jobs ?  this film is as sad as they come .  my advice is to avoid renting it lest you waste an hour or two of your time laughing more than screaming . 
this movie was definitely the worst movie i've seen in my entire life ,  and i've seen some pretty bad movies .  i didn't like the way this movie was filmed .  all of the actors are unknown ,  and it looks as though a bunch of friends got together and decided to film their own movie .  but it's absolutely horrible .  i've never seen a worse movie .  the story is so fake ,  and i just found that it took a really long time to get to the end of the movie .  there was no plot ,  it looked as though it wasn't planned out before they started filming .  the story is too weird .  i didn't like how slow it took to get to the point of the movie .  there was no point in even filming this movie .  if you're considering watching this movie ,  don't .  you're just wasting your time . 
hey everyone .  .  .   there really isn't much to say for this movie at all .  the basic plot is that a guy  ( brandon )  takes a few friends on a trip to his cabin in the woods for a weekend holiday away from work .  after picking up a girl on the way there ,  things start going badly wrong for all of them .   the storyline alone  ( written by the actor playing brandon ,  i believe ,  although i could be wrong here )  is unlikely and unconvincing ,  and is acted out accordingly .  the  " clown killer "  himself is a rather a sad excuse for a psychotic killer .  far from being a dark ,  mysterious but most of all ,  intelligent predator ,  we are instead offered a rather clumsy ,  nursery rhyme-singing buffoon who appears to be going through a minor mid life crisis .  the only thing that warranted the writing of this comment were the sex scenes and whatever gore there was in the film  ( the quality of the film led me to derive some enjoyment out of such things )  .   in short ,  this film falls below every possible set standard .  admittedly ,  i was sharing a few beers with a close friend as i watched this ,  so we managed to scrape together some relative entertainment value out of this film and it is therefore only fair to mention that s . i . c . k did fall just shy of a two rating .  however ,  in reality ,   ( and with the benefit of hindsight )  the one star rating is a more than legitimate score for this film .   1 star out of ten . 
ok - i adore this film .  .  . i will credit this movie - alone - for making me such a die-hard horror fanatic .  i could never watch this movie alone .  i've also heard many many stories of the effect it had in it's original release at the theatres  ,  on its viewers .  incredible masterpiece .  .  .  .  horrible  ,  psychological stuff scares the pants off me  . oh bless their hearts ,  whoever made this awesome film .  i love it .  i thought the whole film was decent and interesting .  this movie is so scary - this is the scariest movie i have ever seen in my life !  not that what happens in the film and the idea of the film are not scary enough  ,  but what always got me - was brendan's fabulous acting .  best horror film ever .  nothing can ever be this scary again .  halloween viewing at its evilest . 
the cover on the dvd and disc is freaking awesome ,  you would think they made a movie about sweet tooth from twisted metal black which is still a really great idea ,  but this movie's actors are worst then ben's performance in pearl harbor ,  porno's have better quality and better actors .  i was gonna buy the dvd but luckily i rented it first ,  the plot and script are also horrible ,  nothing seems to go to together so the movie really never makes sense .  the poor attempts to frighten you using flashback scenes are worse then ones used in 80's sitcom shows and in the end it'll leave you wanting to bang your head against the wall of your house . 
i cannot believe this woodenly written and directed piece of cliche film got made .  there are about four good looking shots  ( the director should think about switching to still photography )  and that's it .  a strong cast is utterly wasted ,  scenes repeatedly end at the least interesting moments and the script says nothing new .  please spare yourself this movie . 
worst movie on earth .  i don't even know where to begin but i hope i can save another person from punishing themselves with this movie .  when it comes to acting and lighting ,  this movie is similar to a bad porno without the sex .  the actors are some of the worst i've ever seen ,  and couldn't have been worse even if they were trying to make a complete mockery of this movie .  the movie must have had a record breaking low budget which i'm sure was wasted almost solely on the movie's cover .  this movie has now become a running joke with friends of mine and has become the standard for comparing other garbage movies .  i would like to point of that no other movie even begins to compare .  i feel personally responsible for suggesting a friend and me watch this movie and am surprised she still considers me a friend after the torment i put us through .  don't see this movie ! 
this was by far the worst low budget horror movie i have ever seen .  i am an open minded guy and i always love a good horror movie .  in fact ,  when i'm renting movies i specifically look for some good underrated horror movies .  they are always good for a laugh ,  believe i know ,  i have seen many .  but this movie was just so terrible it wasn't worth a chuckle .  i was considering turning it off in the first five minutes .  .  .  which i probably should have .  there is nothing good about it ,  first and foremost ,  the camera crew suck3d a$$ .  the intro was stupid just like the ending .  acting and special effects were terrible .  please i'm begging you ,  do not watch this movie ,  you will absolutely hate it . 
well .  .  . overall ,  this movie was pretty much worthless ,  and it's basically a horror movie that ended up being more of a comedy .  i just rented this movie last night when me and my friends went to blockbuster looking for a scary movie .  this definitely wasn't what we were looking for ,  but it satisfied us for humor .  the actors in this movie  ( especially brandon )  are so fake that it's funny .  and especially that tracy girl whenever she's in the boarded up room telling the clown to go away .  they show almost no emotion and it's just so obvious that they're acting .  and also when the clown is looking through that black box paper thing and grabs mark ,  he doesn't even look like he's scared even though the clown like grabbed him and started attacking him .  and seriously ,  would you just be jogging if you were being chased down ?  i'd be sprinting for my life !   ( even though anyone could probably outrun that clown because he's like 300 lbs .  )  not to mention that the effects aren't that great ,  like whenever the clown chops off susan's head in the forest ,  then whenever he throws her head into the boarded up room with denise and tracy whenever denise throws the head back over .  also like in the previous guy's comment ,  the beginning makes absolutely no sense and i don't even see why it was even included in the movie .  so what ,  was this movie made in 2003 ?  the music made it sound like it was made in like the 1980's ,  and the camera-ing (  ?  )  doesn't even really look professional .  half of the time ,  it seems like the camera can't even stay steady when it's suppose to be .  overall ,  i'd have to say i enjoyed the movie .  i wouldn't recommend it though if you're trying to find something to scare you ,  but if you're looking for something to maybe make fun of or get a laugh out of ,  i'd recommend it for sure . 
this movie was so bad !  it was terrible !  it was awful !  i cannot stress it enough !  the acting ,  directing ,  story ,  characters and everything about it was bad !  it was so corny and clichéd .  don't be fooled by the cover ,  or the tag line  " the 'texas massacre' is nothing to laugh at .  "  are you frogging' kidding me !  it was ridiculous .   the first 2 minutes of the film is good until it gets to the main character brendan ,  ok now turn it off .  what i got from the film was ,  a bunch of ugly ,  annoying and immature people go to a cabin in the middle of the woods and a clown that sings nursery rhymes kills them in unoriginal and fake ways .   this movie was a waste of my time and money ,  and it would be a waste of your money and time too !  i fast forward through most of the movie because it was so terrible ,  i just wanted to see how each bad actor died ,  and it still wasn't worth it !  just looking at the cover is a waste of time .  this is seriously the worst movie ever !  rating :  doesn't deserve one . 
ok ,  so i rented this clown-like-chainsaw-massacre-esquire film ,  not expected much ,  but i did like the novel approach to a serial killer film .   ( from the back of the box is the following synopsis )   " at first ,  it was just a joke - a myth around the campfire - for five friends staying at a remote cabin in the texas woods .  but when they began to disappear one-by-one ,  replaced by scattered ,  bloodied body parts and voodoo effigies ,  the remaining few scramble for their lives .  but he's out there .  and he's sick .  and all he wants is blood .  .  .  "  so obviously from the get-go it doesn't make sense :  why is this clown in the woods to begin with ?  why a clown ?  why are their dolls with the word  " food "  drawn on them ?  why why why ?  hardly anything gets answered in this 1 hour 30 min .  bore fest except where this clown lives .  the characters are dumb guys ,  dumb girls ,  and a hell of a lot of bitchiness .  one in particular is a girl whom they brought from a restaurant up the road ,  whom they thought they should help because she was getting hassled by some guy she knew .  what warrants that as an excuse to bring a girl into your circle of friends or their cabin ?  she ,  of course ,  begins planting seeds of jealousy ,  having the men have sex with her by feeding their dumb minds everything they want to hear .   the music was an average affair  ( standard frantic keyboard music like in every horror film without differences )  .  the actors seemed to be brought from some soap opera the way they complained and whined about everything .  the idea that the main guy in the film takes this girl to the cabin as their first date makes for a horrible date ,  but of course ,  she unrealistically gives herself to him on the first night of getting to know him .  there was hardly a budget spent of anything ,  it seems ,  but there was a clown outfit and plenty of cheap $1-store dolls lying around in the woods ,  which was a horribly bland place to shoot this whole movie  ( been done too many times )  .  i was also waiting for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film  ( in through the glass maybe )  ,  but nothing exciting like that ever entered the film .  i guess you were just supposed to like the clown being a killer or something .   i had to give the film a 3 .  it was an interesting premise  ( clown as the texas chainsaw massacre character ,  essentially )  and i'll give them a star for acting serious all the way through when the movie could've totally been a b-movie-style video ,  but they opted for the more legitimate style of video .  but ultimately ,  i probably would've felt like renting the killer klowns from mars video again before going back to check this out .  ah ,  but that cover art .  .  . pretty awesome drawing . 
i bought this from blockbuster for 99p .  the guy behind the counter said the reason it was so cheap was because the disc was scratched to sh*t ,  but failed to mention that the reason it was so cheap was because the film was a p*ss poor effort that sucked harder than paris hilton in a hotel room home video .  talking of home videos ,  since when has it been fair game to release them as films - i mean to say ,  films used to employ actors and technicians and scriptwriters and so on - not any more - just gather your friends and lame-o ideas together for the weekend ,  lavish the production with an £8 . 00 budget ,  and get someone to fall down the stairs with a casio keyboard  ( the soundtrack )  - then slap it on the shelves ,  for some poor sap  ( me )  ,  to take home in lonely desperation .  but here's the clincher - i fast forwarded through most of this ,  and tossed it to one side ,  ready for the hammers .  .  .  until the next night ,  while watching a darren day horror 'hellbreed'  ( £1 . 99 to take home and keep from a different blockbuster )  .  now this film made 'grim weekend' look like the exorcist ,  so i slapped grim weekend back on ,  to catch up on some of the moments listed on the wonderful imdb boards ,  that viewers claimed were hilarious .  sure enough ,  once i had got over the misery ,  the pain ,  and the horror ,  of realising grim weekend was utter chod on toast ,  i could enjoy ,  savour ,  and downright get down to the funny stuff .  and there's a lot of it .  check the boards .  then check the flick .  hell ,  it might even be worth it .  awwwww crap ! 
this is quite possibly the worst movie i have ever seen .  again i made the mistake of buying the movie because the synapse on the back sounded cool and the front cover looked pretty cool too  ( after buying this and the movie  " malevolence "  which i reviewed on here as well ,  i have learned my lesson )  .  i love horror movies that take place in the woods or in the desert or on a farm .  this supposedly takes place in the woods of texas but was probably filmed in the director's backyard .  the production was probably the worst i ever seen .  the actors were absolutely the worst .  the story didn't have anything to do with what the back cover said .  i even tried to sell it to f . y . e and some other  " mom and pop "  store that buys used dvds and neither would take it .  thats how awful this poor miserable excuse for a movie was .  i have seen some bad movies before  ( troll 2 for example )  but this definitely takes the cake .  i didn't think there was a worse movie than  " troll 2 "  .  boy was i wrong !  do not buy this movie unless someone hands it to you for free but even than your stuck with it unless you throw it out which is what i am about to do !  !  !  ! 
i don't know what you guys are talking about ,  the first time i watched this movie with two of my friends we couldn't stop crying .  this is one of the funniest shits i've ever seen .  that comment about the porn is so right though hahahaha .   yeah this movie actually is the worse ,  but it did bring tears to my eyes due to the phony characters ,  poor dialog and acting .  not to mention the expensive cameras they used to film it ?  !  it looks like one of those movies out of my drivers ed .  class .  the props look like they came out of a high school drama show .  the music sounds like it is from an original nintendo system game .  the only thing that even came close the scaring me about this movie was that it had a killer clown which ,  who isn't creeped out by fat ,  lurking clowns ?  hahaha if someone were to ever watch this though ,  they need to look out for the actors verbal errors like lisping on words and some of their facial expressions .  hahahaha i died .   susan
a woman asks for advice on the road to reach a mysterious town ,  and hears two ghoulish stories from the local weirdo ,  both zombie related .  but perhaps fate has something nasty in store for her too .  .  .   the zombie chronicles is absolutely one of the worst films i have ever seen .  in fact i must confess ,  so bad was it i fast forwarded through most of the garbage .  and there was a lot of that ,  believe me .  it runs for just 69 minutes ,  and there is still tons of filler .  you get some skinhead doing a lot of push ups ,  plenty of dull kissy-kissy scenes between goofy teens  ( that rhymed ,  tee hee )  and some fine examples of why some people should never become actors .   as for the title characters ,  they barely even have a footnote in the film .  why ,  you get more undead action in the intro than you do the preceding feature !  though ,  considering how pathetic the eyes bursting out of sockets and the eating of brains sequences are  ( amongst other 'delights' )  ,  maybe that's a blessing in disguise .   and to top it all off ,  it looks likes it's been filmed on someone's mobile phone for broadcast on youtube .  jerky camera-work ,  scratches on the print ,  flickering lights .  .  .  i had to rub my eyes when i realised it was made in 2001 ,  and not 1971 .  even the clothes and fashioned look about three decades out of date !   if you think i'm not qualified to do a review of chronicles having not seen the whole film ,  then go ahead .  you try sitting through it ,  i betcha you won't even make it to the first appearance of the blue-smartie coloured freaks before making your excuses and leaving .  it is truly laughable that anyone chose to release it ,  and honestly you'll get far more fun resting your drink on the disc than actually torturing your dvd player with this gigglesome excuse for horror .  in fact ,  don't for surprised if it packs it's bags and leaves in the morning ,  leaving you doomed to watch vhs tapes for the rest of your life .  you have been warned .  .  .  0/10  p . s what kind of 18-rated horror has the woman keep a massive sports bra on during the obligatory sex scene ?  !  see ,  the movie can't even get that part right .  .  . 
if this film was a comedy ,  i would have given it a 10 .  oh my ,  where do i begin ?  put it this way -- i've seen lots of terrible horror films ,  but this one makes troll 2 look like freakin' saving private ryan .  it's as if a group of porn filmmakers decided to make a horror film ,  changed their mind in midproduction and decided to do a comedy ,  then went back to horror ,  and then decided that they should have just stuck with porno  ( softcore at that )  .  everything about this film is simply terrible :  the musical score  ( someone shoot the guy who invented the yamaha keyboard )  ,  the script ,  the directing ,  the cinematography ,  the acting .  there simply are no words to describe this .  oh wait ,  yes there are :  holy $*% !  . 
i rented this movie roughly 4-5 years ago and was instantly disappointed .   i wanted to see a b-movie slasher flick ,  but ended up with a fecal matter for my eyes .  the acting was similar to watching grass dry .  i've seen better acting in a softcore film .  .  .   the idea that a crazy killer comes out of nowhere baffled me .  how was this a horror movie ?   this movie's production value ,  was laughable at best .  there were no scares .  it seemed like a high school student got a new video camera for christmas .  the plot was all over the place ,  if existent .  if you are bored looking for a bad horror movie to rent ,  skip this one .  there are much better b-movies out there . 
please do not let the cover of this movie fool you .  and if you're looking for a cheap horror movie to laugh at :  this isn't it .  usually i will go for stupid if it's funny ,  but this stupid was so stupid it almost  ( or possibly did )  make me stupid .   the film quality is better than a handheld ,  but not by much ,  and it's quite possible the music was created by pressing the samba 2 key on a casio keyboard .  these problems should never really be a deterent from seeing a horror movie but add this amazing  ( weep )  cast ,  and you have a real humdinger .   the story is about a guy who invites his friends up to his family cabin in texas for the weekend .  he also extends the invitation to his lady crush in his office .  on the way there they meet a female in distress ,  who is then invited to come along by the other girls .   the stay at the cabin includes sex and nudity and soon everyone's panties are in a bunch when one girl disappears and odd items turn up in the house .   from there you  ( the audience )  and the morons ,  um ,  actors ,  try to figure out what's going on and they soon begin to distrust one another .  overall i think i have made it sound better than it is .  the main struggle with this movie is that the characters are very underdeveloped ,  the plot contrived ,  the acting bad and the motivations clueless .  once more this could be forgiveable it it was the least bit funny but alas ,  it is not .   the twist ending is only a twist in that no one would guess it simply because if you really thought back through the movie it would not have made sense anyway .  please don't let this review stop you from seeing the shear wonderment of this movie .   ( woah ,  my nose just grew eight inches .  ) 
what did i just watch ?  i spent 90 minutes of my precious life watching one of the dumbest movies i've ever seen .  the concept of a serial killer clown is actually quite scary seeing is there are a lot of people who are afraid of clowns .  .  .  . but having it be a 300 pound nursery rhyme reciting killer clown makes a mockery of the genre .  i still am wondering how the character mark wasn't able to run away from the clown .  .  . he's 300 pounds ,  he's gotta get tired eventually .  the whole ending made me get up and literally say aloud  " what did i just watch ?  "  apparently brandon is denise's cousin .  .  .  .  and they had got it on near the middle of the movie meaning he had sex with his cousin .  .  .  .  . yeah that's something people want so see *shudders* .   another thing i found hilariously stupid was the opening scene where the clown stabs a woman and she says  " what did you do ?  "  well bytch ,  what do you think he just did ?  the last thing that was stupidly funny was one second the main character was slapping the hitch-hiker and calling her a c*nt and then 5 minutes later saying violence isn't helping anything .  .  .  . did the writer of the script give the line to the wrong guy ?  none of this movie makes sense anyway .   the movie was more or less a dumb low budget porno which i got sucked into buying  ( all 3 . 99 ) and got no entertainment out of it besides the sex scenes .  i'm surprised the fat clown didn't join the orgy ,  would have fit right in .  i hoped the movie would have some entertainment value like other b movies might have ,  but i was wrong .  this is a moronic piece of garbage that's not even worth watching .   1 out of 10
i watched this movie ,  and hoped for something to get better the entire time .  what is so great about a guy with no emotion ?  *yawn*  you never see alex show emotion for anyone other than his son .  yeah ,  i know that this is why his son is the only one to cause him to lose his temper  ( if you can call it that )  ,  i get it .   characters are undeveloped ,  relationships aren't given enough time to be understood .  in one scene sarah says they won't fall in love ,  and the next time we see her she's talking about how his death really shook her up because they were so close ?  logic synapses abound in this film .   it's like someone watched boogie nights and wrote this part to mimic little bill .  even the scene where he  " loses his temper "  is the same as when little bill shoots his wife ,  down to the facial expression  ( or lack thereof )  .  yes ,  william h .  macy is good at portraying a man without emotion - been there ,  done that - can you say magnolia ?   this movie didn't only lack emotion ,  it lacked substance ,  a good script ,  developed characters ,  and a plot .  and it certainly lacks my recommendation .   :  )   ~a~
ok i own this dvd i got it new at amazon .  .  .  i mean i think its badass and a pretty cool flick and melissa bale the slutty/bitchy girl they pick up is hot as hell  .  .  .  ,  the acting sucks and the whole polt just sucks the clown is some huge guy wearing a mask and its disgusting but its ok i wouldn't recommend it if like u wanted to rent a good entertaining flick after a hard days work but if u have nothing else to do and ur obbsessed with this stupid movies like i am ,  watch it sometime ,  and i do not know how artisan dvd has s . i . c . k .  in its dvd collection  ,  s . i . c . k .  is not good enough to be owned by a half way decent movie company ok well thats all
s . i . c . k .  really stands for so incredibly crappy i killed myself .  there was absolutely no acting to speak of .  the best part of the whole production was the art work on the cover of the box . the budgeting of this movie was sufficient .  the filming was sub sesame street .  the production looks like that of the underground filming for mob hits .  the props used in this movie were stolen from a clothing store .  the ending was so predictable you should fast forward to the last 5 minutes and laugh .  if there is a book out there for this movie i'm sure it's better .  i would avoid this at all costs .  i did enjoy the intimate scenes they made the whole movie worth it .  just kidding . 
me and a group of friends rent horrible videos to laugh at them ,  trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs .  s . i . c . k .  is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented .  the plot is over-done ,  the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very old .  the goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat .  and if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to cartoon network for the rest of their life ,  it's pathetic .  the good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot ,  one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie .  the other good aspect is that this movie is so bad at times that you will laugh till you cry .  i don't like watching horrible acting or renting these horrible videos ,  i don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so bad is hilarious and worth renting . unless you are too mature to laugh at someone's downfalls i would recommend it .   if your renting/buying it to laugh at it i'd give it an 8 . 5 . 
this was ,  so far ,  the worst movie i have seen in my entire life ,  and i have seen some really bad movies .  i saw this movie at my local video store ,  and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie .  little did i know that the cover would be the best part of the movie .  where to start ?  the filming of the movie was scattered and boring .  at one point ,  there is a one-minute scene of no one talking ,  just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day .  nothing happened ,  they just drove in silence .  the whole movie is boring ,  with annoying ,  unbelievable dialogue and basically no plot to speak of .  if you rent this movie ,  watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy .  otherwise ,  when you see this movie ,  run . 
lucky me !  i got a sneak peak at this pathetic little shot-in-texas 'horror' flick from artisan entertainment a week before it hit video shelves and let me tell you .  .  . i've rarely laughed so hard in my life as i did watching this atrocious megabomb fly off the rails and steal the title of 'worst killer clown movie ever made' from the insufferably stupid full moon fiasco killjoy  ( i'm sure many of us horror fans have suffered through that one !  )  from all indications ,  it was shot on dv ,  and it doesn't really 'look' all that bad quality-wise for digital ,  but boy does it ever fail miserably in every other area where it counts !   the story  ( slight and cliche as it is )  goes as follows .  .  .  an executive  ( ken hebert ,  who also scripted and co-produced with the director )  takes skeptical co-worker tracy  ( amanda watson )  and horny married couple mark and susan  ( hank fields and chris buck )  along on a weekend getaway to a  ( yawn )  secluded cabin `12 miles' from the nearest town .  on the way there ,  they pick up a bitchy/slutty hitchhiker  ( melissa bale )  in a bar and end up at their destination where a nightly campfire tale about a murderous clown stalking the very same wooded area comes true when each of the profanity-yackin ,  pot-smokin friends' disappears one-by-one ,  with only mutilated doll parts left behind to tell the tale of their fates .   the killer clown doesn't even show up in the film until near the end and it looks nothing like the demonic depiction of it on the video box  ( aside from being morbidly obese )  .  it basically spends an hour prancing around in the woods ,  chopping up wood and blabbing nursery rhymes .  i cannot say enough bad things about the cast ,  especially the two guys and the hitchhiker chick ,  who either deliver their insipid dialogue with a bare minimum of enthusiasm or overact at the most inappropriate times .  doesn't really help that the script is completely and utterly devoid of suspense ,  originality ,  intelligence ,  general coherence or humor .  i could go on for days on how inept this film is ,  how many continuity errors there are and how amateurish the whole production is ,  but i'll just nod off by pointing out the whole package is quite a riot in that boy-this-sucks kind of way .   also noting that the film has been released here in the us as s . i . c . k .   ( serial insane clown killer )  .  it's currently catalogued under its  ( original title )  of grim weekend .   score :  1 out of 10
one of the worst movies i ever saw .  my only thought was :   " how can i get my money back from hollywood video "  .  this is no way worth four dollars ,  or any dollars .  i think it was an attempt to rip off the mexican ,  or vin diesel's movies ,  but it failed miserably to do this .   the acting was terrible ,  i felt sorry for the actors that they couldn't find something better to do with their time .  the story was ridiculous .  we were calling out the lines ahead of the actors ,  it was so predictable .  the mexican accent of the leading lady was insultingly exaggerated ,  worse than a cartoon .    skip it . 
saw this movie recently and had higher hopes .  not so much based upon the director ,  who hadn't made a cinematographic release before ,  but more based upon its cast .  harvey keitel ,  scott glenn and craig wasson  ( lead role in body double ,  a brian de palma masterpiece )  have all starred in great movies .  not together though ,  and this fact hasn't exactly changed because of this one .   the film is unbelievable ,  very predictable and cliché .  the only thing that might make it slightly appealing is the selection of locations on which it's been shot .  in my humble opinion :  don't waste your time on this one . 
are we talking about the same movie ?  this movie is totally ridiculous ,  the plot is disgusting and completely without logic .  its a typical straight to dvd/tv-movie including all the necessary ingredients for a horrible movie experience :  over-acting by has been actors ,  side steps from the plot that are left unexplained ,  the girl shows her t*ts ( why ,  god ,  why ?  ?  )  ,  people do not react to things as they would in real life .  i'm not even gonna bother you with details ,  it would take all night .  well ,  ok ,  just one :  if two people were murdered in front of you as you were walking down the street ,  one of the victims practically dies in your arms ,  his blood spurts from his head-wound all over you ,  would your first concern be ;   " oh ,  he left the world and the last thing he saw was my angry face !  "  ?  my thoughts goes to harvey and his lost career . 
it's not a terrible movie ,  really ,  and glenn and keitel are top-notch actors .  further ,  they do an acceptable job with the very weak script .  the scenery is lush and the plot has some interesting twists .  further ,  i umderstand why these actors and the crew made the film ,  they are professionals and they get paid for it .  but i do wonder why studios spend the time and money to make a film and then don't release it for theater audiences ?  even if a film is a box-office flop ,  surely it makes some money .  if you are a fan of keitel or glenn ,  rent the video or catch it on tv ,  as did i .  granted ,  the movie won't help solve the immigration quandary with mexico ,  but the experience is far better than 90% of the standard tv fare of today . 
undeveloped/unbelievable story line ,  ( by the time i sort of figured out where it was going ,  i no longer cared )  bad casting .  ( come on .  .  .  william macy as a hit man ?  ?  ?  )  bad directing ,  ( have you ever seen tracey ullman perform so badly ?  )  ( was i supposed to care what happened to the unethical incompetent ,  uncaring john ritter character ?  )  bad script .  .  .  (  really ,  i'm not looking for a formula script but this was really awful )  the only really good thing in it was the kid .  ten lines ?  it's not ok if your comment is less than ten lines ?  come on-- whose rules are those ?  why can't i say what i have to say in less than 10 lines ?  ?  ?  isn't that kind of arbitrary ?  why isn't it ok to have less than 10 lines of comment ? 
terrible !  !  !  i don't want to be too negative but this film has an iq of stupid monkey . what a disaster . i just couldn't believe how bad this movie is . the dialogs are just very strange and off topic , the camera work at times just horrible , the music at times like a soundtrack for lawrence of arabia , i just watched this film to see how much worse it can get . some of the side kick  " actors "  are total disaster . sorry but all my thumbs and toes and anything that can hang downwards on my body is falling to the ground .  harvey keitle is a great actor but who knows maybe he is in financial crunch to take a part in such a fiasco film .   .   .   .   .  this movie should have been presented to all the students in all the film schools just to teach them a lesson of how not to make a film
an ok flick ,  set in mexico ,  about a hit-man  ( scott glenn )  who hitches a ride with struggling american writer and his mexican girlfriend after a hit .  he pays them to take him to the border  but things get out of hand .   it starts well enough ,  but quickly struggles and dies .   **spoiler**  the eventual relationship twist is badly set up and difficult to believe .  an absence of passion ,  and essentially no reasoning behind her leaving one man for the other ,  made it ridiculous - and the ending was predictable and dull .   **end spoiler**  harvey keitel is the us agent on the hit-man's trail ,  but he seems a little confused as to how boring and slow the script is .  .  . 
the reason this is such a bad movie is because it is so very badly written ,  and this is entirely the fault of the hack novelist robert james waller ,  also author of bridges of madison county .  the writing is bad because the plot is perfectly trite and the dialogue is wooden and implausible .  a failing couplea blocked american writer and a pretty mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong ,  self-directed criminal ,  and after a few adventures  ( mostly terrifically violent )  alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin ,  she leaves the impotent partner for the killer ,  who ,  bad as he is ,  sees her more clearly than anyone has before .  nothing can help this movie succeed ,  not even the seamed face of scott glenn as the killer ,  not the appealing latinity of giovanna zacarías as luz ,  and not even the stalwart performance of harvey keitel as the cia specialist assigned to track the killer down .  a serious waste of time . 
poorly-made  " blaxploitation "  crime-drama aimed squarely at the black urban market of the early 1970s .  pam grier stars in the title role ,  that of a nurse who becomes a one-woman vigilante after drug-dealing thugs make coffy's little sister a junkie .  violent nonsense plods along doggedly ,  with canned energy and excitement ;  only grier's flaring temper gives the narrative a jolt  ( she's not much of an actress here ,  but she connects with the audience in a primal way )  .  not much different from what charles bronson was doing at this time ,  the film was marketed and advertised as crass exploitation yet still managed to find a sizable inner-city audience .  today however ,  it's merely a footnote in '70s film history ,  and lacks the wide-range appeal of other movies in this genre .  *1/2 from ****
far from providing the caffeine kick you'd expect from a film that shares its name with the most energy-boosting of warm beverages ,  coffy clunks about and never really rises above being just a ropey revenge tale .  indeed ,  if the movie was a cup of coffee ,  it'd be rather weak and watery ,  littered with a few undesirable dregs and lacking in a lingering aftertaste .  sporadically it hits the spot ,  but otherwise it isn't the hot action-drama it hopes to be .   plot-wise ,  coffy is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and delivers hard justice to the drug-pushing ,  lady-pimpin' ,  mob-suckers that hooked her younger sister into a depraved ,  sick state .  socio-political commentary on the plight of urban black youths in america is prominent in coffy ,  and it makes for some thought-provoking stuff as coffy crusades against the political corruption and white establishment racism that profits and acts as a parasite off the targeted afro-american minorities .  sadly ,  the timely messages are undermined by the film's poor quality and lack of focus .  coffy's ideas are important ,  it's just that they are not well-aimed .   one of the plus points of coffy is the presence of blaxploitation icon pam grier .  grier goes at her role with gusto and makes for an appealing action heroine as she shotguns down the scum in her often spectacular acts of vigilante violence  ( how do you deal with a house full of hoods ?  drive the car right through the front door !  )  .  it's just a shame that the storyline wavers on occasions ,  wasting time squeezing as much sexual exploitation as possible .  the low budget can't have helped ,  but neither does the fact that for a blaxploitation flick ,  coffy lacks groove .  just as the issues are undermined by the lack of quality ,  consequently the entertainment and excitement are also skewered by moments of dullness and misdirection .   the total result is workmanlike and wooden .  we get a hip heroine but not a hip movie .  it's a shame as coffy has its moments and should rightly be regarded as a key film in the blaxploitation craze ;  it just never ascends above being an average ,  lukewarm number . 
pam grier stars as coffy .  she's a nurse who seeks revenge ,  on the drug dealers who got her sister hooked on bad heroine .  like any 70s blaxploitation flick ,  you can expect to see the racist bad guys get their just desserts .    there were scores of these films made during the 70s ,  and they were really demeaning to both black and white audiences alike .  this is mainly due to the vicious racial hostility in these films ,  and the degrading ,  stereotypical characters .  especially the female characters .    other common threads between coffy ,  and other films of its type ,  include brutal violence ,  corrupt cops ,  car chases ,  a generous abundance of nudity ,  and sex-crazed gorgeous women .  not to mention urban ghettos populated by drug-dealers ,  pimps ,  mobsters ,  and other criminal scum .   pam grier ,  was the undisputed queen of 70s blaxploitation heroines .  she was magnificent ,  being both tough-as-nails ,  and drop-dead gorgeous .  like in her other films ,  pam outshines the other characters ,  in coffy .  in fact ,  pam is so charismatic on screen ,  that these sorts of films are unwatchable ,  without her as the main character .    if you like pam grier ,  you're better off seeing her other films ,  like foxy brown ,  or perhaps friday foster .  these films have much less empty sleaze ,  than coffy does .  pam's character in coffy ,  degrades herself way too much to get the bad guys .  pam's characters in her other blaxploitation films ,  don't stoop as low to get revenge ,  as coffy did .    i'd say ,  only watch coffy ,  if you're unable to see any of pam grier's other films .  otherwise ,  coffy is a waste of time .  only pam's talent as an actress ,  makes viewing coffy bearable . 
i thought they should have called this movie  " whites "  instead of  " heights "  .  godawful .  .  . the kind of film that makes people hate new yorkers .  people who are so self obsessed and think their lives are so important .  .  . give me a break .  such a lily white cast that glenn close was the most ethnic character in it ,  this film was crying out for someone real to come in and steal it .  .  . and so they introduce ,  get this ,  a character even whiter than the rest of the cast  ( i thought he was an albino at first ) who's supposed to be welsh ! i'm still trying to decipher that accent !  intellectually dishonest .  .  . this movie is the kind of film that's able to fool so many people into thinking it's worthwhile because it has the trappings of something more ambitious .  better to fill the theaters with mi5-10 than with this pretentious crap .  .  . must have been a better play because you can't fall off the floor . 
what a wasted cast .   this is one of the most disappointing films i've seen .   usually roger ebert does not let me down ,  but i feel cheated after seeing this movie .   the only thrill is seeing elizabeth banks in her bra .  that is a sorry statement about this movie .  it held so much promise ,  but it was like dry humping a transvestite .   this is self absorbed tripe .   i cannot express deeply enough my bitterness at having sat through this movie ,  and hope i can forewarn you of the same disappointment . 
this hal roach comedy short ,  a tough winter ,  is the ninety-ninth in the  " our gang/little rascals "  series and the eleventh talkie .  bascally a showcase for black comic stepin fetchit who gets special billing here ,  we see him going to his shack where the gang hangs out .  farina retrieves a love letter from the mail for him and is told by stepin to read it since he can't read it during the day as he goes to night school .  it happens to be from his sweetheart in tennesse so now farina has to have his ears stuffed with cotton since it's too hot for him to hear !  in another room ,  weezer relays instructions to mary ann of making taffy from the radio but because he keeps running back and forth to the kitchen ,  he misses the lady announcer's segue to rice pudding and spanish tamale confusing mary ann with additions of tabasco and lux !  after the concoction is completed ,  jackie and the rest of the gang help themselves with the awful tasting but very sticky substance as everyone gets stuck on the walls as a result .  as they all try to clean the mess ,  stepin works in the basement on various pipes and electrical outlets that mixes variable appliances' functions such a telephone that vacuums ,  a vacuum that rings ,  and a refrigerator that plays music !  the end .  what i've just described portends the meandering nature of this  " our gang "  short that served as the pilot for a potential stepin fetchit movie short series .  it's just as well that it never took place as fetchit's characterization of the lazy negro was amusing only in small doses and would be considered highly offensive today .  many of the scenes i've just described are good for some laughs though the final sequence was so confusing that the results were just too blah for me .  so in summary ,  a tough winter is a curio worth seeing at least once .  by the way ,  stepin's real name was lincoln theodore perry . 
rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie  " our gang "  release schedule ,   " a tough winter "  features two storylines .  first ,  wheezer and mary ann ,  home alone on a wintry day ,  decide to make some taffy .  little wheezer relays the directions to mary ann from a radio cooking show .  the problem :  wheezer relays information from different shows and mary ann ends up putting soap in the mix !  funny moments occur when the rest of the gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house !   the second storyline deals with stepin fetchit ,  a neighbor/handyman of the gang ,  and his interactions with the gang .    " a tough winter ,  "  to my knowledge ,  has never been shown on television ,  although it is available on home video .  the reason for this is the stepin fetchit characterization which shows a shifty ,  sly ,  and slow-moving character .   " our gang "  producer hal roach called fetchit a  " skilled comic "  and used this  " our gang "  entry as a pilot for a fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day .  understandably ,  fetchit's characterization is offensive to many people today ,  which explains why the film has been shelved .   although there are some funny moments both with fetchit and the taffy ,   " a tough winter "  is a plodding and meandering effort .  if one positive came out of this film ,  it was that the hal roach studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies .  the sound in the film is good ,  and some of the sound effects used are very funny .  for this reason ,  this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31  " our gang "  films .   3 out of 10 . 
how do i begin to review a film that will soon be recognized as the `worst film of all time' by the `worst director of all time ? ' a film that could develop a cult following because it's `so bad it's good ? '  an analytical approach criticizing the film seems both pointless and part of band-wagon syndrome--let's bash freely without worry of backlash because every other human on earth is doing it ,  and the people who like the film like it for those flaws we'd cite .   the film's universal poor quality goes without saying-- 'sixteen years of alcohol' is not without competition for title of worst film so it has to sink pretty low to acquire the title and keep a hold of it ,  but i believe this film could go the distance .  imdb doesn't allow enough words to cite all the films failures ,  and it be much easier to site the elements 'sixteen years of alcohol' does right .  unfortunately ,  those moments of glory are so far buried in the shadows of this film's poorness that that's a task not worth pursuing .   my impressions ?  i thought i knew what i was getting into ,  i had been warned to drink several cups of coffee before sitting down to watch this one  ( wish that suggestion had been cups of vodka )  .  despite my low expectations ,  'sixteen years of alcohol' failed to entertain me even on a `make fun of the bad movie' level .  not just bad ,  but obnoxiously bad as though jobson intentionally tried to make this film a poetical yawn but went into overkill and shoved the poetry down our throats making it not profound but funny  .   .  .  and supposedly jobson sincerely tried to make a good movie ?  even after viewing the 'sixteen years of alcohol' promotional literature ,  i have trouble believing jobson's sincerity .  pointless and obnoxious till the end with a several grin/chuckle moments  ( all i'm sure none intentional ) spiced the film ,  and those few elements prevented me from turning the dvd off .  so bad it's good ?  no .  it had just enough 'i can't believe this is a serious movie moments' to keep me from turning it off ,  and nothing more .   definitely a film to watch with a group of bad-movie connoisseurs .  get your own running commentary going .  that would've significantly improved the experience for me .  so bad it's mike myers commentating in his cod scottish accent on it as it runs ,  to turn this whole piece of sludge into a comic farce  " ok dare ma man ,  pass me annuder gliss of dat wiskey "  . 
as others have pointed out this movie is a load of pretentious drivel for the mindless or masochists .   we all know after seeing trainspotting and acid house that scotland is one of the most depressing places in the first world .  but unlike trainspotting and acid house without a good dose of humour or gritty realism movies like this do not work .  and even more importantly without a decent script a movie will not work and there is nothing new ,  inspiring or thought provoking about the script for this movie .   the fact that this movie won a couple of bafta's shows how bad the british film industry is at the moment .  i thought the aussie movie industry was pretty bad at the moment but unfortunately the british industry is even worse .   this movie is so bad i wouldn't even bother renting it from the weeklies section .   do yourself a favour and give this movie a wide berth . 
macy ,  ullman and sutherland were as great as usual .  ritter wasn't bad either .  what's her name was as pretty as usual .  it could have been a good movie .  to bad the plot was atrocious .  it was completely predictable ,  trite and boring .   from the first 15 minutes ,  the rest of the movie was laid out like a child's paint by numbers routine .  the characters were stock pieces of cut out cardboard .  there was nothing new or interesting to say and that completely outweighed the acting ,  which was a pity .   finally ,  too bad the script writer wasn't the victim .  especially with the  " precocious "  lines from the child ,  which were completely unbelievable .   again ,  it's only the acting that prevented a much lower score . 
i feel like i've been had ,  the con is on ,  don't fall for it .  after reading glowing reviews  ( the director was a film reviewer with sky for years so must have a lot of mates in the press ready to do him a favour by writing favorable reviews )  i expected solid acting ,  atmosphere ,  suspense ,  strong characterization ,  an intriguing plot development and poetic moments .  sadly ,  'sixteen years of alcohol' ,  doesn't deliver on the critics promises ,  for the most part ,  sacrifices these qualities in lieu of cheesy low budget special effects  ( what was that clichéd cobweb scene in there for ?  )  ,  unrealistic fight choreography and mindless mind numbing narration ,  cliché edits and camera angles .   'sixteen years of alcohol' starts off interestingly with some beautiful location shots in scotland ,  but it's straight downhill from here .  unfortunately ,  instead of spending some time building atmosphere ,  creating characters we might care about ,  or building suspense - the director opts to begin driving you crazy with self indulgent heavy handed twaddle voice-over's .  the lead characters are so unsympathetic and are so badly acted - the audience doesn't care what happens to them ,  desperate actors do desperate things .  .  . like this movie !  .  to make matters worse ,  the 'homage's'  ( typical of a director trying to pay his dues to past masters )  are either utterly cliché or unconvincing .  the soundtrack is the only thing that lifted me and kept me in the cinema but even that failed to support the dramatic narrative other connecting a period of time to the action .   for some reason the movie got increasingly flawed and to be quite honest annoying .  i still watched the whole damn thing !   i guess i liked the attempt at gritty realism in the film but even that was destroyed when they were often inter-cut with weird and abstract ,  sometimes pointless scenes .  you don't need a huge budget to make truly moving film ,  so much has been said about how little money they had to make this film ,  half a million is not a little bit of money .  .  . so no excuses !  sometimes i wonder what the actors .  .  . or their agents were thinking !   pass on this turkey unless you're masochistic or mindless anyway .  .  .  . not my thing  1 . 5/10
this film was a yawn from titles to credits ,  it's boring to the point of tedium and the acting is wooden and stilted !  admittedly this was director richard jobson directing debut ,  but who on earth green-lit a script as poorly developed as this one ?  looks like another money down the drain government project  ( scottish screen are credited surprise ,  surprise )  .  i nearly fell asleep three times and my review will unfortunately have to be more restrained than this one .  please ,  please mister jobson what ever you've been doing prior to directing this sedative of a film ,  go back to it ! 
this film limps from self indulgent moment to self indulgent moment ,  promising to develop into something worth hanging on for .  but it doesn't .  it's flat ,  self conscious ,  unimaginative and tedious .   a series of set images and backdrops don't make a film ,  they make a calendar .  this kind of pitiful socialist pseudo drama documentary  (  " it's true it really happened "  )  not only fails to entertain ,  it fails to convince ,  so it doesn't even function as social history .  clichés co-mingled with bad acting make this a film very difficult to finish ,  the amusement factor wearing off fairly quickly .  the characters are one dimensional ,  never developing to the extent that one feels for them .  the director's ego is the largest character in this film . 
i found this film embarrassing to watch .  i felt like it was shoving the storyline down my throat as if i couldn't pick up the subtleties i needed a voice over to spell them all out for me constantly .   having a father who is still an alcoholic ,  i didn't really feel it was a film about alcoholism as such .  alcoholics ,  true alcoholics are very lonely people inside ,  in my opinion of course .  they find it hard to communicate ,  something that the main character had no problem with really ,  except he did have a problem saying i love you at one point- which was a bit of a feeble effort at establishing his cold character .  he was constantly surrounded with people too !  ?    i felt cheated that at no point were we really alone with the character to really get a sense of his inner loneliness and turmoil .  i couldn't connect with the character and felt no link at all considering my father .  i felt nothing at all when it had finished ,  just relief it was over .   kevin mckidd is an okay actor but not a tough guy feature lead !  the clockwork orange thing was as subtle as a brick .  mckidd was too old for the teen ,  they should have got three different characters or avoided the teen stage and concentrated more on the adult mckidd .   on a good note ,  i felt the little boy actor was really good at the start of the film !  ! 
this film was terrible .  i have given it the high score of 2 as i have seen worse ,  but very few .   from the clichéd start of having the end of the film at the start and going back to the start at the end this film used everything in the box of tricks used in film making just for the sake of it ,  like a kid with too many toys .  there was the endless ,  boring repetitive narration ,  slow motion ,  freeze frame ,  flashbacks and merged images etc - none of which made a dull film any better .   it is called  " 16 years of alcohol "  ,  but there was little drinking or drunkeness and no depiction of withdrawal with the film jumping about all over the place with no coherent sense .  the story was badly written and extremely pretentious and the direction was equally poor and it is a shame that people have put up further money for more films by mr jobson ,  previously know for being in a rubbish group and on tv making as much sense as this film does .   i found it a major struggle to see this to the end but in the hope of it getting better i carried on to the bitter but it really was a waste of time and i would have been better off not bothering . 
this movie was terrible .  the first half hour is much like a .  .  .  well ,  apologies for the lack of articulation ,  but it was simply a bad version of a clockwork orange .  the first scene is almost photocopied from one of the first in clockwork !  supposedly it was a tribute ,  as per the appearance of the clockwork poster on the protagonist's wall ,  however  " ripoff "  is the more appropriate word .  the movie felt as though it was torn right from the kubrick classic ,  only filmed through a new director's eyes .  a blind director .  unfortunately when it stops its massacre of kubrick's work ,  the film gets even worse .  as another commentator said ,  the deepness of this film is just shoved down your throat .  arrogant ,  self absorbed and ultimately meaningless drivel .   perhaps the protagonists ramblings would touch a nerve if there was any actual character development in this movie .  i felt absolutely nothing for this guy .  and i'm an alcoholic ,  so i figure that if anyone might be able to feel anything for him ,  it would be me .  awful character development ,  dialogue and plot .   the worst part about this movie is the title .  for a film called  " 16 years of alcohol "  ,  the alcoholism is hardly a factor in the flick .  see first paragraph - it was such a butchering of a clockwork orange i can't get over it .  a more suited title would have been  " 16 years of violence ,  "  or ,  even better ,   " a clockwork banana "  .   just do yourself a favor and avoid this movie .  if you disregard my advice and take it out anyway ,  drink .  trust me . 
this is only the second time i stopped a video/dvd part way through .   i was willing to give this film the benefit of the doubt at first ,  even though it managed to be both shallow ,  clichéd and stupid .  .  and joyless ,  plodding and pretentious .   it was like an after school special directed by that weird grade nine kid who thinks nobody understands him .  .  .  creepy and sad ,  with voice-over narration that only the most deluded adolescent would consider poetry .  .  .  and some singing ,  and .  .  .  no ,  really ,  the poor child's suffering .  .  .   enough ,  already ,  especially when it morphed into a brazen ,  clumsy ,  and insulting clockwork orange ripoff .  and did i mention the singing ?   this isn't the worst film i've ever seen ,  but certainly the one i've felt least compelled to sit through .  i don't recommend it to anyone . 
you can often tell a movie didn't turn out like it should by the heavy use of a narrator .  this film features this device throughout .  richard jobson not entirely content to write direct and even fund some of this film adds to his credits by reading excerpts of his own semi- autobiographical writing which combined with some pretty editing manages to gloss over what is a dull depressing tale which he must be mistaking for genuine art-house .  kevin mckidd puts in a good performance .  everyone else is okay .   budget constraints meant that all scenes are shot in daylight though most are obviously meant to be at night ,  though if you know serious alcoholics they mainly operate in the day so for me it adds a touch of realism .   the funniest part of this film is a waitress who fails to age a single day in the 20 odd years that elapse between her appearances - a more extreme version of the problem mckidd has who goes from 18 to 30 without changing more than his clothes .  bless . 
i got lured by the title .  .  .  i was expecting an insightful and intriguing journey into alcoholism ,  instead i got a rather boring and uninspiring story about a rowdy scot .   the leading character isn't given much psychological depth ,  unless you are willing to classify cheesy teen-like poetry as psychology .   it was a shame ,  because the core of the story could have been good ,  with a better effort to depict the inner feelings of a man who had to live with alcohol and violence since his youth .   sadly ,  the general idea seems to be more like  " i'm the way i am because that's the way i am "  .  and the laughingly bad attempt at giving some sort of poetic edge to a lower-class man makes things even worse .  resorting to the overused cliché of the  " poète maudit "  reeks of a quick fix ,  a cheap way to make a dull movie seem smart ,  artsy and meaningful .   but  " 16 years of alcohol "  isn't much smart ,  artsy or meaningful .  .  .  the leading character doesn't evolve at all ,  and the feeble attempt of changing fails without a good explanation .  just like the initial attempt happened rather out of the blue .   the movie borrows heavily from classics such as a clockwork orange and trainspotting ,  but it ultimately fails to recapture their greatness ,  not even for a few seconds .   jobson put too much emphasis on the artistic side of the story ,  and neglected the rest ,  giving us a movie which is pleasant to the eye but insipid to the brain . 
there is a key aspect of film that jobson seems to have forgotten - it has the ability to tell a story by showing it to you .  you don't need to tell the audience what to think ,  because they'll see it .  the action here is interspersed with some of the most ponderous narration unleashed on the unsuspecting public - the purple prose of the sensitive fifth former .  and it should be unnecessary because their is a fine cast here and some beautifully composed and shot visuals .  maybe jobbo felt that the basic story needed a lit bit of support .  and he may have been right ,  it lacks a basic credibility :  70s edinburgh wasn't exactly full of beautiful brainy girls with a penchant for the velvet underground and a soft spot for a passing sociopath .  from the too neat and new looking clothes that character wears to the cod intellectualism that tries to link it all together ,  it's all too contrived for my taste . 
users who have rated this movie so highly simply can't have seen enough good films to compare it with .  have they all been brainwashed ?  ?  i have rarely felt so disappointed by a film and some of that must be attributable to the ridiculous hype surrounding this movie .   from the first ,  bu is just a chase film .  we pick it up at the end of one chase and go straight into another .  and another .  and another .  and another .  do you see a pattern emerging ?  there is virtually no time 'wasted' on plot ,  character development ,  or boring old reality .   if you haven't see the other two bourne films ,  you're pretty lost .  if you have - you only wish you were lost - somewhere a long way from a cinema .   paul greengrass's dispassionate style worked exceptionally well on united 93 which was a sentiment overload desperate to happen ,  but on bourne and his interminable woes it just has the effect of removing the audience from involvement with the character .  he runs .  he jumps .  he punches .  he gets blown up .  he clears tall buildings .  yada yada yada .  above all - he survives .  he survives like a plastic action man survives ,  which only makes the ridiculous stunts he pulls all the more slack and lacking in any kind of tension .  so he drives off a building ?  so what ?  he'll survive .  yawn .   there's a girl thrown into the mix because bourne's love interest died in a previous incarnation ,  but she's just decor .  i've seen more character depth and snappy dialogue in episodes of captain scarlet .   bourne's own journey of literal self-discovery is dull and formless and tells us nothing we didn't know from the first movie .  he was turned into a killing machine .  big deal .  he finds out his true identity .  so what ?  it doesn't have any emotional resonance when it comes .   the 'twist' ending is telegraphed and weak .  oh ,  dear ,  the more i think about this film the more i hate it !  i've already reduced my score to 4 during the writing of this comment !  i'd better end now before the slide continues .   i love a good action flick and i love a good thriller .  the bourne ultimatum is neither .  it's a loud ,  tedious series of flashy edits ,  ridiculous sound effects and cartoon violence .    the idea that it 'shows the way' to the bond franchise is utter crap .  casino royale blows it out of the water . 
i have only recently been able to catch up with the films of marilyn miller since they are not shown on tcm in the uk . i have been much intrigued over the years because this was one of the superstars of the 20s . what was she really like . to some stars of this era like jolson some of the magic still shines through , but alas not for miller . her dancing seems awkward and poorly choreographed , her singing somewhat limited and as an actress she makes ruby keeler seem like hepburn . even worse in this film as the public had grown tired of musicals virtually all of the musical numbers have been deleted . so we are left with a comedy of that period with little real appeal . she was being paid $500000 for this ! so i have only two conclusion . either she was poorly served by the cinema or she had no talent at all . i think that the truth is nearer the later than the former . 
marilyn miller made only three films before her untimely death - the marvelous sally  ( 1929 )  ,  the comedy her majesty love  ( 1931 )  and this trifle - sunny  ( 1930 )  .  it is quite poor both as an early talkie and as an attempt at a musical - although she has four dance numbers ,  she only sings two songs  ( who ?  and one man alone )  .  the rest of the score including the spritely title tune are jettisoned ,  although we can hear the latter in the background scoring .  miller looks overweight and amateurish here - no star quality at all .  even her dancing is cloutish .  the film is very badly written ,  stock full of stale and unfunny jokes and stupid situations .  if you're interested in miller as a performer ,  by all means ,  check it out ,  but for general entertainment ,  stay away . 
im still in doubt if this is just a horrible movie or the worse movie i ever saw .  actors are painful and its impossible to get into the text .   don't waist your time into this movie .  by submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our copyright statement .  your submission must be your own original work .  your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2-3 business days .  comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted .  please write in english only .  html or boards mark-up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph . by submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our copyright statement .  your submission must be your own original work .  your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2-3 business days .  comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted .  please write in english only .  html or boards mark-up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph . 
from the moment the film begins ,  already there is a discrepancy .  as this film takes place on the borders of normandy and the middle east ,  and is also an international film ,  one would expect proper accents portrayed .  this is not done as the majority of the cast sound american .  also ,  i find the acting to be rehearsed at best ,  the story line a little difficult to follow from the beginning .  who is who ?  otherwise the film is very accurate in costume and scenery .  if you want to see a movie to get a feel of what it was like in the past  ( albeit the lack of accents )  then this movie is worth a rent .  if you're looking for a movie as epic as kingdom of heaven ,  then look elsewhere . 
this film is probably pro-muslimization .    why do i write that ?  the main character has a muslim father and a christian mother .  he lives his first 20 years in a christian village .  in the end of the film he seemingly is a muslim because of his head-wear ,  that he has kept his amulet ,  and his general clothing .  he has a six year old child ,  who wears the same head-wear and therefore is probably a muslim ,  although the mother is a christian .  the main character thus chooses to ,  it seems ,  to be a muslim and his child becomes a muslim .  no one of the other male main characters ,  which are christians ,  seems to breed a child .  there are more muslims in the world of this movie at the end of it ,  it therefore seems . 
my score for this crap :  1 / 10 1 for the technical only .  everything else is very bad .    another film that makes no sense .  clearly it seems that creating a good script for film or television is almost a impossible mission .    while it's easy to understand why politicians never say the truth ,  they are among the biggest liars on the planet ,  it is difficult to understand how to make films so pathetic .    we must believe that taking people for morons .  perhaps it was reason to believe ,  since 99% of the films are crap .  because they are stupid and ridiculous and very bad scenarios .    when you look at the price we give oscars ,  we understand better why we continue to make films any more ridiculous than others .    and oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense .  but it was not for education and health .    if you still want to listen to this s**t ,  press super fast forward button  ( at least 20x )  . 
when i saw the preview for this on tv i was thinking ,   " ok its gonna be a good werewolf movie "  but it was not .  it was not scary at all !  acting was good ,  plot was horrible ,  the military bid was just plain stupid .  i think the sci-fi channel could of done better than this piece of crap .  the movie made it sound like arron was going to turn into a werewolf ,  instead he turned psycho and bit some doctor's throat out .  if you have read some of my other reviews on other movies ,  there all positive ,  but this one is not simply because the story was terrible .  one out of 10 max .  im sure you all were expecting some werewolf flick ,  but i bet you didn't expect this .  beyond loch nes was way better than this movie ,  heck ,  any movie thats on the sci-fi channel is better than this movie . 
i don't understand people .  why is it that this movie is getting an 8 . 3 !  !  !  !  !  !  ?  ?  ?  ?  i had high hopes for this movie ,  but once i was about a half hour into it i just wanted to leave the theater .  in the vast majority of the reviews on this site people are saying that this is one of the best action movies they've seen  ( or of the summer ,  year ,  etc .  )  they say it's an excellent conclusion .  wtf !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  what has been concluded  ( besides the fact that bourne can ride motorcycles ,  shoot ,  and fight better than anyone else he comes across )  ?  what do you learn about bourne's character in this movie ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ? absolutely f****** nothing !  !  !  !  !  !  !  okay ,  there's a lot of action ,  but what's so great about the action in this movie ?  ?  i don't like the cinematography and film editing .  the shaky camera effect and fast changing shots were used too much and they get old fast  ( i didn't mind them in supremacy because it was still easy to follow and was not used in excess )  and made me quite dizzy .  i was quickly wishing i had saved my $$$ for something else .   this movie has no plot .  all this movie is is a 115 minute chase seen .  bourne ,  who you learn absolutely nothing about in the entire 115 minutes of the movie ,  is a perfectionist at everything he attempts .  there is absolutely no character development in this movie ,  you know nothing about anyone ,  and there is a wide array of new characters that are introduced in this installment .  some people said that this movie has incredible writing and suspense .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  what writing ?  ?  ?  ?  what suspense ?  ?  ?  there's no suspense .  bourne is so perfect at doing everything he does ,  i don't think he has anything to worry about .  if this is the best movie of the year 2007 i may just quit watching movies entirely !  !  !  !    many people have also said that matt damon's performance in this movie is one of the best  ( if not the best )  of his career .  what performance ?  ?  how many lines did he have in this movie ?  ?  ?  i have some respect for damon because he has been in movies that i liked and has played different kinds of characters ,  but a good actor is someone that you can barely recognize from one movie to the next ,  someone who chooses different types of roles .  not someone who plays the same roles over and over again  ( which damon doesn't do ,  but an example of someone who does is vin diesel )  .   anyways ,  this movie was a big disappointment to me .  i do not recommend this movie but i do recommend the first two  ( bourne identity and bourne supremacy )  and i most definitely recommend reading the three books  ( which are much different then the movies )  . 
the plot sounded like it had promise .  to be honest i did not watch the entire movie .  after about an hour into the movie i had to make a decision .  is this movie worth watching until it conclusion ?  the answer was clearly no !  it was not the fact that the human body could not receive a transplant from a different species without rejecting it .  nor the premise that he was being chased by secret government authorities for an human / wolf transplant .  it was because the movie was badly written ,  acting lacked emotion and i did not understand the several dream sequences with the wolves and buffaloes .  when he was running to the zoo with a dog pack and leaving them at the front of the zoo gate the saying  " if you can't run with the big dogs don't leave the porch "  kept running through my bored mind .  save yourself the time and skip this movie .  i can guarantee if you do dare to watch it you will sit there slack jawed as i did wondering why anyone waste money ,  time ,  energy and effort to make this insulting outrage to american cinema . 
this movie has some fatal flaws in it ,  how someone could walk through an open back door of a highly secure medical facility is unbelievable .  then this same person just walks around the facility and enters the dr . 's office ,  is just bad writing or bad editing .    very very very predictable movie .    i am not sure how this film got made ,  except it is was filmed in canada ,  and probably received a government grant .    i must say the person playing aaron ,  cory monteith ,  did a good job .   unless you are really bored and there is nothing else to watch on television then i would say it will kill some time ,  but otherwise ,  it is a movie no actor would want on their resume . 
i couldn't believe that this movie dates from 2007 ,  it had all the looks of a below-average seventies horror-flick .  didn't they have any knowledge of modern special effects or cgi ?  !  ?  didn't they know that in the post-millennium the violence in a supposed horror- and/or scifi-movie should at least be a little bit graphic ?  or did i get the purpose wrong ,  was it supposed to be a deep and meaningful story of man and animal ,  bound together in the big cycle of life ,  or a warning to mankind not to mess with nature ,  or something like that ?  ?  it doesn't really matter ,  either way it turned out wrong and to me this movie failed on all accounts .   first of all :  the premise is very improbable .  if at a given time you're capable of replacing a total eye ,  no responsible medical scientist would start his very first human attempt with both eyes at the same time ,  that's totally unprofessional .  and to do all this apparently without informed consent of the patient ?  !  and why on earth choose for eyes that have a totally unusual color for humans ,  and make the victim look like a freak ?  !  by the way ,  i noticed that all the real wolves in the movie had puppy-like normal dark eyes ,  couldn't they have waited for such a specimen ?  the story is lame ,  it's about this poor guy aaron who gets these weird eye-transplants ,  which suddenly makes him feel like the donor-wolf  ( or at least ,  that's what i make of it )  and then he's being chased by some military men .  especially this last bit is ridiculous .  i mean ,  i can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment  ( imagine soldiers with night-vision eye-sight !  )  but as the operation fails on account of the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient ,  it's beyond me why they're out to kill him .  why not leave him alone and look for another usable recipient ?   ( a volunteering soldier maybe ?  ?  )  .  and why try to kill everyone else that's involved with poor aaron ,  isn't that a bit steep ?  !  who the hell are these militaries anyway ,  i hope not the us army or the government ,  they behave like psychopaths ,  walking around the hospital waving automatic weapons ,  raiding private apartments like they're after some public enemy # 1 ,  and displaying during the ultimate show-down in the woods a total lack of discipline ,  like a bunch of frightened schoolchildren ,  panicking and shooting randomly around .   aaron ,  for some unfathomable medical reason ,  feels like a wolf after the transplantation of the eyes .  why would that be ?  ?  ?  he suddenly sees visions of wandering wolves .  what is this ?  are we supposed to believe that the memories of the donor-wolf are situated in it's eye-balls ?  !  ?  and that the recipient of these eye-balls also adopts the wolf's craving for red  ( life- )  meat and can jump off of a 30 feet high balcony and land unharmed on his all-fours like a cat  ( can a wolf even do that ?  ?  !  )  .   the acting  ( or the lack thereof )  didn't help the credibility of all this either :  everyone stumbles through their lines like wooden dolls ,  especially this indian girl ,  she may be pretty but she can only come up with one expression  ( vexed )  and some disinterested mumblings about the force of nature ,  and it beats me why aaron all of a sudden is all over her  ( but hey ,  there probably had to be at least one love-scene !  )  .  i really sympathized with actor cory monteith ,  who seems like a nice guy with a handsome enough face ,  but they didn't give him much to go with .  he has to run around bare-chested for more than half of the movie ,  which could have been fun to watch ,  but then they had better chosen someone with a more impressive physique ,  monteith really should leave his shirt on .  his  ( few )  killings and attacks are hardly shown ,  we just hear some growling and cries of fear and then there's another victim lying down and aaron with some more blood on his face and chest .  not much for a modern sci-fi horror !  the only good acting came from justine bateman ,  and i really like to see how she has matured into a beautiful and classy forty-something lady .  she did what she could with her silly lines and she even convinced me of being this doctor with good intentions ,  but they made her character a kind of a wimp ,  who gets totally bossed around by the leader of these militaries .  what a pity that the script didn't make her stand up a bit more !    in the end this sums up as being a silly and rather boring movie ,  hardly scary or thrilling ,  with unbelievable goings-on ,  a lot of overlong national geographic-like visuals of wolves running around woods and slopes  ( who cares ?  !  ?  )  ,  some pretentious indian ramblings about man and nature and an uneven musical score with poppy songs at the most inappropriate moments .  i guess the word  " superfluous "  covers it all . 
hybrid starts as water treatment planet security guard aaron scates  ( cory monteith )  is involved in an accident which leaves him blind .  luckily it just so happens that brilliant scientist dr .  andrea hewitt  ( justine bateman )  who works for olaris has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another ,  hewitt decides aaron would be perfect for her first human experiment .  hewitt & her team transplant the eyes of a wolf into aaron & he miraculously regains his sight .  brilliant ,  right ?  well ,  no not really since aaron starts to go mad as he sees random images of wolves & starts to develop a lust for blood .  aaron escapes the olaris building & goes on the run but he is too valuable to just let go & a full scale search is mounted to capture him .  .  .   directed by yelena lanskaya this is yet another sci-fi channel offering that is quite simply put terrible in every possible way ,  i think it probably started out life as a straight 'creature feature' but ended up as one of the most boring & dull sci-fi channel films i have seen that doesn't even feature any sort of monster or creature .  hybrid is awful ,  the script is terrible & i am not even sure who it was meant to appeal to .  the initial set-up is ok with aaron getting wolf eyes but then hybrid ditches the sci-fi elements & becomes some sort of horrible drama as it focuses entirely on aaron's mental state as he wonders around doing nothing in particular with some native american woman .  yep ,  you don't think the sci-fi channel could make a film about wolves & put loads of rubbish about native american mythology in there as well do you ?  the dynamics of the character's is bizarre ,  aaron is shown as the persecuted hero yet he is the only character to kill anyone in the film & is a fairly unlikable ,  ungrateful & annoying person while dr .  hewitt is shown as the evil scientist yet she gives aaron back his sight & does nothing but try to help him .  i mean aaron is given back the gift of sight yet hewitt is the villain ?  also the regular sci-fi channel staple of us military intervention is present ,  the problem is why do they want aaron so badly ?  he isn't a soldier & while he has wolves eyes to help him see in the dark he's utterly unremarkable .  the script can't make it's mind up whether it's all in aaron's mind or it's real ,  the ending is hilariously bad with a half naked  ( rememeber this was made for telly )  aaron running through a forest with a pack of wolves set to some horrible music that i think is supposed to be emotional but makes it even more funny .  there are so many things wrong with hybrid ,  it's slower than hell ,  there's virtually no action ,  there's no werewolves & the film goes round in circles trying to get into aaron's mind yet it's all so ridiculous ,  silly & boring you won't care one bit & there's never any explanation as to why despite just having wolves eyes transplanted aaron starts to develop other wolf senses .   as a diabetic i have problems with my eyes ,  hell i have had major surgery on my right eye & i can guarantee you that after an operation your eye would be puffed up ,  you wouldn't be able to open it & it would hurt like hell yet despite having eye transplants as soon as aaron wakes up in bed his eyes are perfect with no swelling or even redness .  there are no special effects ,  no blood or gore or violence & nothing to excite you .  in fact now i think about it there's nothing even remotely horror or sci-fi feeling about this ,  it feels like a drab film of the week .   filmed in manitoba in canada the film looks ok but is bland & forgettable .  the acting is poor from all involved none of whom i have seen before & hopefully never again .   hybrid is a terrible film that is obviously marketed as some werewolve 'creature feature' but is far from that & most people will really struggle to get to the awful ending which will probably have you in stitches . 
i hired out hybrid on the weekend .  what a disappointment !  a stupid lame attempt at a tele-movie .  the guy they got for the lead was totally weak and when running {he did a lot} looked like he was eating those minty sweets .  .  . with his backside !  the wolf contacts he wore were great ,  though i feel the actor relied on them too much ,  as there was nothing menacing about his acting at all .  the wise native american indian chick has to be one of the most stony hard faced hags ever seen .  talk about a sour cow !  she smiled about once for the entire film ,  and i think that is because she had sex .  the sex scene was lame too .  they may as well have shown blowing curtains ,  if you can dig that .   last of all ,  and this is a big pet hate of mine ,  on the cover and the dvd menu ,  the losers digitally drew in cool sharp teeth on the guy .  they were nowhere to be seen in the film .   :  ( 
the plot sounds vaguely interesting  .  .  .  a scientist  ( bateman )  discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optic nerves into other animals ,  like humans .  a young man  ( monteith )  is blinded saving a coworker at work - the scientist gets a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient .  the recipient starts becoming more and wolf-like ,  but the effect is nothing more than  " weird eyes "  and running at night with dogs !   ( for the whole movie )  the budget is too low ,  the dialogue too stilted  ( i laughed out loud at some of the ridiculous talk )  ,  and the acting too inept .  long portions of the movie are nothing more than dreamy looks ,  eerie music and interspersed clips of wolves in the wild .  way too long even at 90 minutes ,  boring ,  and devoid of ideas .   the military want to use the eye transplants to give wounded soldiers back their eyesight ,  and presumably want to militarize the technology .  there's a silly subplot about a beautiful indian girl  ( korey )  who thinks she can help ,  using indian wisdom about the wolves .  they make love while music heavy on drums and indian chanting is heard - crazy ,  man !  the love making takes place immediately after a gruesome murder - who edited this turkey ?  !  a grouchy  " medicine man "  who spouts platitudes seems to do little ,  except for adding atmosphere .   here's two ridiculous scenes .  a worker at the research lab goes into the animal room to discover the monkeys have been let out of their cages .  she gets scared ,  looks left at the monkeys ,  turns right ,  turns left ,  turns right ,  turns left  .  .  this goes on for a while  ( who edited this ?  ?  )  .  run out of the damn lab !  it was so stupid i started laughing .  another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home ,  escapes out a window as the heavily armed military arrive - he leaves the window open ,  the military guys go to the open window ,  look out the window ,  they say  " looks like he was here "  ,  and leave !  he went out the open window ,  guys !  !  crazy .   near the end of the movie ,  military guys are firing machine guns over and over at trees ,  when obviously nothing is there - easier to place the squibs i guess .  they have 6 machine guns which have cut down trees ,  but decide to fight our hero with 1 knife !  !  !  shoot the guy !  !  who wrote this trash ?  ?  there's a pointless confrontation at the end ,  and believe me i'm not spoiling anything for you - there's not enough plot to spoil .   i figure the whole thing was a tax write-off or a rush job to make use of unused budget money left over from some better movie . 
oh a vaguely once famous actress in a film where she plays a mother to a child  .  it`s being shown on bbc 1 at half past midnight  ,  i wonder if  .  .  .  yup it`s a tvm   you`ve got to hand it to tvm producers  ,  not content on making one mediocre movie  ,  they usually give us two mediocre movies where two themes are mixed together and nowhere to hide is no different  .  the first theme is a woman in danger theme cross pollinated with a woman suffering from the pain of a divorce theme which means we have a scene of the heroine surviving a murder attempt followed by a scene having her son sam ask why she divorced  ?  and being a tvm she answers that the reason is  "  that people change  "  rather than say something along the lines like  "  i`m a right slapper  "  or your daddy cruises mens public toilets for sex  "  as does happen in real life divorce cases  .  and it`s young sam i feel sorry for  ,  not only are his parents divorced but he`s as thick as two short planks  .  actually since he`s so stupid he deserves no sympathy because he`s unaware that a man flushing stuff down a toilet is a drug dealer  ,  unaware that you might die if someone shoots at you  ,  and unaware that i love lucy is painfully unfunny  .  if only our own childhoods were so innocent  ,  ah well as orwell said  "  ignorance is strength  "   .  oh hold on sam is suddenly an expert on marine life  !  is this character development or poor scripting  ?  i know what one my money`s on  .  and strange that sam the boy genuis hasn`t noticed that if the story is set in 1994 then why do people often wear clothes  ,  drive cars and ride trains from the 1950s  ?  but as it turns out during a plot twist it`s the mother who`s the dummy  .  then there`s a final plot twist that left me feeling like an idiot for watching this
although i had heard this film was a little dry ,  i watch whatever scott bakula is in .  at the start of this film i had high hopes for the classic cheesy but enjoyable scott-gets-girl ending and until 20 minutes before the end it was going great .  the plot twist was crazy and unexpected and very clever .  i kept my fingers crossed that it would work out and it would all be some horrible misunderstanding ,  right up until when the credits rolled and i realised that there was not going to be a happy and contented ending .  unfortunately i was left regretting that i'd watched it and hurriedly putting on some quantum leap to restore my faith in the goodness of the great scott ! 
although this isn't a  " great film ,  "  there's something compelling and memorable about it .  like another commenter on the film ,  i saw this in childhood .  it's been thirty three years since 1952 ,  but i have never forgotten the story or its ridiculously cumbersome title .  see it if you have the opportunity .  you'll feel like a voyeur of small town life as it evolves through the decades .  more than any other film ,  this one brings a human face to the historical drama of early twentieth century  " progress .  "  it's engaging enough for a young viewer and memorable enough for an older one .  furthermore ,  it's easy to like the characters and watch their passage through time . 
this low-grade universal chiller has just been announced as an upcoming dvd release but ,  intended as part of a collection of similar movies that i already had in my possession ,  i decided to acquire it from other channels rather than wait for that legitimate release .  which is just as well ,  since the end result was not anything particularly special  ( if decently atmospheric at that )  :  for starters ,  the plot is pretty weak  even though in a way it anticipates the vincent price vehicle theatre of blood  ( 1973 ) albeit without any of that film's campy gusto .  what we have here ,  in fact ,  is a penniless sculptor  ( martin kosleck )   whom we even see sharing his measly plate of cheese with his pet cat !   who ,  upon finding himself on the receiving end of art critic alan napier's vitriolic pen one time too many ,  decides to end it all by hurling himself into the nearby river .  however ,  while contemplating just that action ,  he is anticipated by rondo hatton's escaped killer dubbed  " the creeper "  and ,  naturally enough ,  saves the poor guy's life with the intention of having the latter do all the dirty work for him in gratitude !  although it is supposedly set in the art circles of new york ,  all we really see at work is kosleck and commercial painter robert lowery  ( who keeps painting the same statuesque blonde girl joan shawlee over and over in banal poses  how is that for art ?  )  who ,  conveniently enough ,  is engaged to a rival art critic  ( virginia grey )  of napier's !  before long ,  the latter is discovered with his spine broken and lowery is suspected ;  but then investigating detective bill goodwin gets the bright idea of engaging another critic to publish a scathing review of lowery's work  ( i did not know that publicity sketches got reviewed !  !  )  so as to gauge how violent his reaction is going to be !  in the meantime ,  kosleck deludes himself into thinking that he is creating his masterpiece by sculpting hatton's uniquely craggy  and recognizable  visage which ,  needless to say ,  attracts the attention of the constantly visiting grey  ( we are led to believe that she lacks material for her weekly column ) much to the chagrin of both artist and model .  bafflingly ,  although the creeper is fully aware of how grey looks  ( thanks to her aforementioned haunting of kosleck's flea-bitten pad )  ,  he bumps off shawlee  who had by then become goodwin's girl !   in lowery's apartment and ,  overhearing kosleck talking to  ( you guessed it )  grey about his intention to dump him as the fall guy for the police ,  sends the slow-witted giant off his deep endeven down to destroying his own now-completed stony image .  curiously enough ,  although this was hatton's penultimate film ,  his name in the credits is preceded by the epithet  " introducing "  ! 
how sheep-like the movie going public so often proves to be .  as soon as a few critics say something new is good  ( ie -  " shake-cam "  )  ,  everyone jumps on the bandwagon ,  as if they are devoid of independent thought .  this was not a good movie ,  it was a dreadful movie .  1 )  plot ?  - what plot ?  bourne was chased from here to there ,  from beginning to end .  that's the plot .  don't look for anything deeper than this .  2 )  cinematography ?  - do me a favor !  any 7 year old armed with an old and battered 8mm movie camera would do a far better job  ( i am not exaggerating here )  .  this film is a tour-de-force of astonishingly amateurish camera-work .  the ridiculous shaking of every  ( i really do mean every )  scene will cause dizziness and nausea .  3 )  believable ?  - oh yes definitely .  this is a masterpiece of credibility .  i loved scenes about bourne being chased by  ( local )  police through the winding market streets of tangier .  - i've been to tangier .  even the guides can't navigate their way through those streets but bourne shook off 100 police with speed and finesse .  greengrass must be laughing his head off at the gullibility of his film disciples .  4 )  editing ?  - i don't know what the editor was on when he did this film but i want some !  - every scene is between 0 . 5 and 2 seconds .  i felt nauseous at the end of the film from the strobe effect of the  " scenes "  flashing by .  5 )  directing ?  - hmmm .  this is an interesting aspect .  the film appears to have actually not had any directing .  more a case of greengrass throwing a copy of the script  ( all two pages )  at the cameramen and told to  " shoot a few scenes whilst drunk "  .  -  " don't worry boys ,  we'll tie the scenes together in the editing room "  .  the editor should be tarred ,  feathered and put in the stocks for allowing this monstrosity to hit the silver screen 6 )  not one but two senior cia operatives giving the tender feminine treatment to the mistreated and misunderstood jason bourne .  - putting their lives on the line for someone they couldn't even be sure wasn't a traitor .  talk about stupid nincompoops .   ( whilst the evil male cia members plot to terminate any operative who so much as drops a paper-clip on the floor )  .   ( well ,  all men are evil ,  aren't they ?  - except for snags of course )  .  yes ,  this really is a modern and politically correct film that shows the females to be the heroes of the day and the oppressive males as the real threat to humanity .  7 )  when the you-know-what finally hits the fan ,  good triumphs over evil  ( just like it always does ,  eh ?  )  and the would-be assassin gets the drop on jason bourne - he suddenly undergoes a guilt trip and refrains from pulling the trigger  ( yeah - right .  .  .  )  - at that very moment ,  the evil deputy director just happens to turn up - gun in hand and he does pull the trigger .  - how did this 60 year old man run so fast and not even be out of breath ?  wonders will never cease 8 )  don't worry ,  there's a senate hearing and the baddies get pulled up before the courts .  well ,  we can't have nasty ,  politically incorrect ,  cia operatives going round shooting people ,  can we ?  how lovely to see a true to life p . c .  film of the noughties .  -------------the bourne ultimatum is utter rubbish . 
this is a typical late universal horror flick :  its technically comptent ,  if by the numbers ,  with a cookie cutter plot and some serious overacting .  the most interesting part of this film is its stunt casting of rondo hatton ,  a man with a bone disease as the film's  " monster "  .  its sad to see this man exploited ,  but he probably made good use of the money they paid him .  hatton is less horrifying than the studio hoped ,  as i more often felt pity over fear or even loathing .  martin koslack is on board as the film's mad artist ,  and he is very amusing in this part .  i for one enjoy seeing koslack in just about anything ;  for some reason the man amuses me .  the only other part of the film that entertained me is the film's absurd take on the art world .  here we are shown evil art critics who revel in their ability to break artists ;  this is side by side with the film's male  " hero "  who is an  " artist "  who paints .  .  . get this .  .  . pin up girls .  somehow our hero's work is reviewed side by side with the villan's absurdist sculpture .  also amusing is the film's chief nasty critic ,  who at one point claims that he despises the hero's pin up art because  " women like that don't exist "  to which our heroine replies with an assurance that the critic just doesn't get out enough .  finally ,  there's a bit of a subplot about the heroine's  ( who is an art critic herself )  domestication by the leading man .  .  .  . completely anti-feminist and ridiculous to witness .  overall this film is a rather mediocre picture with a few amusing elements . 
the peculiar charisma of martin kosleck brings a certain believability to his character of the frustrated artist .  he imbues his dialog with an odd sense of realism ,  making the sculptor marcel a convincing individual .  the character manages to come across as a real person and not so much a typical b movie villain .   the story line is nothing to write home about ,  and many scenes are dull .  what makes it work is the strange chemistry between kosleck and rondo hatton as the creeper .  kosleck's talkative ,  philosophical character is contrasted with hatton's low key ,  monosyllabic approach .  the character of the creeper isn't developed much beyond a basic monster level ,  but hatton suggests undeveloped possibilities and makes you wonder about his back story .   this movie was on shock theater a lot when i was a kid ,  so i have a certain nostalgic fondness for it .  it's worth seeing once ,  anyway ,  for those who enjoy forties horror movies . 
this documentary is at its best when it is simply showing the ayurvedic healers' offices and treatment preparation .  there is no denying the grinding poverty in india and desperation of even their wealthier clients .  however ,  as an argument for ayurvedic medicine in general ,  this film fails miserably .  although indian clients mention having seen  " aleopathic "  doctors ,  those doctors are not interviewed ,  and we have to take the vague statements of their patients at face value--  " the doctor said there was no cure ,  "   " the doctor said it was cancer "  etc .  well ,   " no cure "  doesn't mean  " no treatment ,  "  and what type of cancer exactly does the patient have ?  the film is at its most feeble when showing ayurvedic practice in america .  there it is reduced ,  apparently ,  to the stunning suggestion that having a high powered wall street job can make your stomach hurt . 
it's about time we see a movie that stays unbiased towards these old indian traditions .  at times it is clear how most of the 'doctors' are charlatans ,  even lying about how they don't charge their clients .  while they are wearing their gold watches ,  the 'donation' box is mandatory .  notice that there are only a couple of people who get 'cured' while we see quite a few cases .   keep in mind while watching that ingesting mercury is not toxic and that the smallest indian bank note is 5 rupee ,  while the average salary in india is 1 , 700 ru/month . 
while watching this movie i got sick .  i have been grewing up with pippi and every time was a real pleasure .  when my wife came to sweden she was looking at the oldies and had a real good laugh .  but this american version should be renamed and never be shown again .  it is terrible from beginning to it's end .  how can they manage to make it soo bad .  well i guess someone blames the translation ha ha ha .  .  but they are never close to pippi .  may this movie never been seen again and never sent out on a broadcast .  burn the movie and save the kids .  if you want to look at pippi then look at the original movie and have a good laugh .  we love pippi inger nilsson ,  sorry tami erin you will never stand up to be pippi .  .  oh yes .  .  when read the  " spoilers "  explanation ,   " 'spoiling' a surprise and robbing the viewer of the suspense and enjoyment of the film .  "  well i guess the director stands for this .  .  .  you are looking at this movie at your own risk .  .  it is really a waste of time .  .  . 
this appalling film somehow saw the light of day in 1988 .  it looks and sounds as if it had been produced 20 or 30 years earlier ,  and features some of the worst songs ever included in a major motion picture .  i weep for the parents and children who paid top dollar to see this . 
this is another north east florida production ,  filmed mainly in and near by to fernandina beach and the kingsley plantation .  i was rather surprised the company was able to take over the main street of fernandina beach as long as was necessary to achieve the street scenes .  the film is pretty ,  and pretty bad .  tami erin is cute ,  but overacts .  eileen brennan overacts even more .  good for small kids ,  or for those who like fluff in large doses .  a 4 from the miller-movies formula . 
this movie  .   .   .  i don't know .  why they would take such an indellible character as pippi longstocking and cast the singularly charmless tami erin ,  i will never know .  why they would spend money on art direction and some not-all-that-bad special effects ,  then not bother to edit it properly ,  i will never know .  why the sets and costumes are sometimes in period ,  and sometimes bizarrely not ,  why they commissioned such bad songs ,  why the script doesn't make any sense whatsoever  ( not even on a silly ,  children's film level )   .   .   .   .  what were they thinking ?  ?  nothing about this movie is quite as it should be .  every single part is dubbed  ( and always poorly ,  )  every sound effect is slightly wrong ,  every edit is in the wrong place ,  every performance is bad in some way .  it does manage to create an appropriate atmosphere ,  despite all the problems ,  but it never captures the magic that is astrid lindgren's creation . 
the last couple of weeks in the life of a dead vagabond woman is told in flashbacks .  like the vagabond ,  the film wanders aimlessly and rather pointlessly .  mona ,  the lazy ,  sullen ,  and drug-addicted title character ,  is not likable and bonnaire does little to make her interesting .  although there is some pretentious dialog attempting to explain why mona has chosen this miserable lifestyle ,  her motivations are never really clear .  the episodic nature of the film ,  involving some random characters ,  becomes tiresome after a while ,  making it seem much longer than its running time .  it is also hard to believe that an attractive young homeless woman would not draw more attention from men . 
mona the vagabond lives on the fringes of french society ,  in a life without meaning ,  purpose or direction .   i watched this because of all the stellar reviews ,  but i'm afraid i must have missed something .  the character of mona has little or no personality while drifting through life being rude to people ,  getting high and contributing nothing to anyone's life .  she's not interesting or exciting .  she's just useless .   i've seen and known enough people like that :  there is no secret meaning to what they're doing .  they are just lazy bums .  i wouldn't want mona anywhere near me ,  as she tends to steal anything that isn't nailed down and leave her friends in the lurch .  sure she's enigmatic - because there isn't anything to her .  lots of junkies ,  winos and bums i've seen are enigmatic ;  i wouldn't want to see a film about them either .   possibly there is something there that i totally missed .  otherwise i'm assuming that all the reviews are from people who assume anything done by a french female director is high art . 
i may not be the one to review this movie because after 45 minutes of pure boredom and stupidity i turned the channel .  the original series only lasted 2 years which can be said about the careers for adam west and burt ward .  put these two  " actors "  in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad . 
because you can put it on fast forward and watch the inane story ,  without having to listen to banal dialogue ,  and be finished in 10 minutes max .  come to think of it ,  even 10 minutes is too much to waste on enid-blyton-meets-struggling-wanna-be-artists .  vomit . 
very bad movie .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . and i mean very bad .  .  . the plot is predictable ,  and it's eally cheesy ,  the creativeness of the battle and the dance scenes for the time are the only reason i didn't give the movie a one ,  other than that .  .  . this is def a movie one can def afford not to watch .  .  .  .  . i feel while watching the movie ,  the idea behind the movie was an interesting one tho kind of cliché .  .  .  . bringing country bumpkins to the city blah blah blah ,  but i feel it might have been at least a little better if it just wasn't so cheesy ,  very poorly portrayed from idea to screen ,  i think .  the plot is somewhat predictable at times ,  tho the dancing i can say at times ,  is pretty good ,  the break dance battle twist was good .  .  .  .  . if u just pop the movie and watch the dance scenes and make up your own dialog maybe it can be a 5 .  .  . lol
mae clarke will always be remembered as the girl whose face james cagney showed a grapefruit into in the same year's the public enemy .  she will not be remembered for this weird little story about a a hood's girl who finds that her past will always be with her .   in some ways ,  this looks a bit antique for 1931 ,  almost as if you are looking at 1928's famously inert lights of new york .  but don't be fooled .  although ted tetzlaff's photography is still in the big scenes ,  there's lots of movement ,  indicating distraction to the moviegoers in the set-ups to them .  but in competition with the fast-paced stuff that it seems that everyone was doing at warner's ,  this attempt to bring the woman's viewpoint into the genre as a tearjerker doesn't work ,  nor is mae clarke the actress to carry the effort . 
the  " trivia "  page on imdb claims the filmmakers protested because this film was re-cut by the studio to  " simplify the plot "  .  if so ,  that effort was a total failure ,  as this is one of the most incoherent narratives i've ever seen in a film -- i'd hate to have seen it before the plot was  " simplified .  "   it's sad to see warren with so little character to go on that even he can't do anything with the inept material .  it's interesting to see caron in '70s mode instead of her hollywood-era glamour garb and persona ,  but it's sad to see her haplessly wander through this doing-a- favor-to-her-producer-husband dreck .  she would actually later hook up with and marry the director ,  instead -- who ,  you'll note ,  never directed anything again ,  but did strictly 1st or 2nd a . d .  work in tv from here on out .  that oughta tell you enough right there .   i call this  " interesting "  because i have an automatic fondness for american films of this period ,  and this role does add perspective to oates' otherwise fantastic 1971 output  ( two- lane blacktop ,  the hired hand )  .  but the  " 1940s detective as fish-out-of-water in 1970s l . a .  "  theme ,  which is the only thing the movie really has to say ,  is sold in way too heavy- handed a manner .  a similar theme would be far more effectively handled two years later in altman's the long goodbye .  and as far as oates playing a hard-bitten guy on a doomed errand ,  three years on ,  he would give his definitive performance in bring me the head of alfredo garcia .  if you haven't seen those ,  don't waste your time with this ! 
in the many films i have seen warren oates ,  i have come to a definite conclusion ,  here is one talented individual .  i first saw mr .  oates back in the 1960's television series called stoney burke .  from then on ,  i followed his career closely and felt he was destined for great roles .  that happened in 1974 ,  when sam peckinpah gave him top billing in a film called 'bring me the head of alfredo garcia . ' of course ,  his biggest claim to fame was his magnificent role in 'the wild bunch' .  i have always thought he was quite able to bring any character a certain magic ,  that is until i saw him in this flop .  the movie is called  "  chandler  "  ,  a tribute to the iron fisted detectives of the 1950's created by raymond chandler .  because ,  the synopsis said it was about a hard nose private eye ,  i was immediately interested .  however ,  i sat patiently through the entire film and found it to be a dull ,  dis-interesting ,  slow pace ,  twisted ,  confusing saga which if it had a theme or plot must have been left on some dark back room self .  collectively and with some of hollywood's best supporting stars ,  such as alex dreier ,  mitch ryan ,  gordon pinsent ,  charles mcgraw ,  richard loo and scatman crothers ,  this movie had enough power to reach mach five ,  however ,  it fizzled on the launchpad and went no where .  as a result ,  one of my favorite actor's got stuck in a poorly made vehicle which never got off the ground .  **
i saw this film when it was first released .  the memory of how bad it was has stayed with me almost forty years .  i didn't want to trust my own sentiments about the movie when i saw it ,  so i consulted a movie review published in a major metropolitan newspaper the next day- sentiment confirmed ,  the reviewer wrote that the movie was incoherent ,  indecipherable ,  and uninspiring .  a little research reveals that the producer was star leslie caron's husband ,  thus the whiff of nepotism suggests the beginning for this awful film .  the film's roster of many capable actors - caron ,  warren oates ,  scatman crothers ,  gloria grahame ,  and james sikking among others - suggests that it holds some promise .  but the death of this film is attributable to its terrible screenplay .  the  " mystery "  implicated is so obscure and so little revealed throughout the film that the viewer is left perplexed from scene to scene .  the movie seems torn between being a detective mystery and an espionage thriller ,  but never settles upon one or the other .  the sense of suspense is entirely absent .  the main characters settle on playing dry ,  emotionless types in a fashion that inspires no empathy whatsoever .  the cinematography is pedestrian .  the result is that the hapless viewer loses interest in the characters ,  the plot ,  and ,  in the end ,  the film itself .  i am little surprised that there is no version of this pathetic film available to purchase .  i hope that if tcm finds a print of this film and feels compelled to air it that it is safely relegated to the 4 : 00 am slot . 
former private eye-turned-security guard ditches his latest droning job and is immediately offered a chance to return to his previous profession .  his assignment :  to tail a mysterious french woman newly arrived in california .  .  . and apparently wanted by suit-and-tie racketeers .  unsuccessful attempt to update the film noir genre ,  without enough sting or wit  ( or involving plot dynamics )  in the screenplay .  director and co-scenarist paul magwood  ( who later claimed the picture was edited without his involvement )  doesn't give off the impression of having high regard for the '40s films his  " chandler "  was borne from ;  his nostalgia is appropriately rumpled ,  but also bitter-tinged and somewhat indifferent .  the handling is curiously ,  commendably low-keyed ,  and warren oates is well-cast as this '70s variant on the 'private dick' archetype ,  but the movie doesn't have any snap .  nice to see leslie caron and gloria grahame in the cast--though neither has much to do ,  and caron's hot-and-cold running character is exasperating throughout .  vivid cinematography by alan stensvold ,  nice location shooting ,  but it fails to come to any kind of a boil .  *1/2 from ****
according to imdb ,  as well as to every other website that holds a review ;  this  " thing "  doesn't have a director .  well ,  that would surely explain a lot !  just a bunch of people that gathered together to shoot some perverted porn sequences and throw in an ultra-thin storyline about devil-worshiping and women sacrifices inside the walls of a secluded sanitarium .   " hardgore "  is a prime example of totally demented 70's smut ,  as it's really made with a minimum of production values and scripting inspiration .  horror movies about satanic cults were hugely popular during the early 70's and pornography as well ,  so why not combine the two ?  here we have a simplistic story about a young nymphomaniac girl who's committed to a mental asylum ,  and from the first night already ,  she's drawn into a network of drugs ,  psychedelic orgies ,  rape ,  torture and dildo-action .  really ,  a lot of dildo-action .  the friendly lesbian nurse tries to warn her ,  but she has her throat slit even the same night .  the horror aspects are truly poorly elaborated ,  going from laughably un-scary satan masks to virulent severed penises attacks .  the photography and acting performances are almost intolerably amateurish ,  but what do you expect from a film that features footage of sperm-firing dildos and talking amputated male reproduction organs ?  leading lady justina lynn is a rather good looking girl with a ravishing body ,  but most of her co-stars  ( male & female )  are hideous and excessively haired sleaze balls . 
the number of goofs in this episode was higher than the first 9 .  they don't follow their own rules about spirits where destruction of the body makes the spirit dissolve .  this one dropped a second body .  that body ,  and dean ,  drop about 20 feet from sam but then they are right with sam .  flashlights go out in an unlighted asylum ,  at night ,  and we can still see everything .  it's night but light is streaming through the windows .  a ghost that died in 1960's is making cell phones calls ?  come on !  there is no way sam could get a psychiatrist to see him in the same day he makes an appointment and the doctor talks to sam like it wasn't his first visit .  sam and dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits still lurking and didn't do anything to help them .  that doesn't seem like a thing the winchester boys would do .  oh and after crawling around on a dirt filled mattress and all around a nasty asylum the girls' makeup and hair is perfect and not a smudge on her white shirt .    while the implementation of this episode had problems the premise was good and a few times i was not creeped out but nervous as dean sat reading elicots' journal .  i just knew that an object so intensely personal to the ghost would draw it to the person violating it's sanctity .  elicot didn't appear .  maybe that is a fault for such an important object or place  ( like elicot's office )  should draw the spirit when a living being touches or enters .  when they separate i want to scream .  .  .  'that's how you die !  always stay together and watch each others backs ! ' but they don't listen to me  : o the elicot spirit and his special ability was a very nice touch .  it's prime-time show but i do wish the horror of elicot strapping one of his victims down and using anticipation of torture to creep us out further .   especially because of the lighting goofs i gave this a 4 .  sudden darkness or the flickering of the whole scene's lighting as the flashlight flickers is all that more terrifying .  the lighter coming or the flashlight reviving and instantly a spirit is in their face is shocking .  i understand the directors wants us to see his scene but then make a mention or obvious connection by elicot touching an electric socket and the lights coming on .  have the characters respond to the fact an asylum with no power suddenly has lights in the one room .  blue white lights flickering as electric arcs just like elicot's finger power .    seriously ,  mcg could have done better . 
my kids picked this out at the video store .  .  . it's great to hear liza as dorothy cause she sounds just like her mom .  but there are too many bad songs ,  and the animation is pretty crude compared to other cartoons of that time . 
 .  .  . and ethel merman buffs ,  too ,  will love her loud ,  bossy vocals as the wicked witch mombi ,  but this cartoon sequel to  " the wizard of oz "  is bereft of real imagination ,  substituting fantasy and excitement with noisy action  ( and cheaply repeating its footage like a bad music video )  .  little dorothy is whisked back to oz ,  which has gone to ruin ,  and meets old and new friends .  the inelegant animation is stuck somewhere between the weakest walt disney and the less-inspired shows from hanna-barbera ,  however many of the songs are good ,  particularly dorothy's sweet lament  " it's a far away land "  ,  superbly performed by liza minnelli .  you can count on minnelli for energy ,  which is why the movie perks up whenever dorothy is around .  much of it is unmemorable ,  and i'm not even sure baby-boomers will get a charge from it since it has been out of circulation for so long .  as a curiosity item ,  just fair .  ** from ****
i loved the batman tv series and was really looking forward to this .  but they tried to do too much .   why they had the story of adam west and burt ward trying to recover the batmobile was beyond me .  i don't want to knock burt or adam for the way they look now .  .  .  .  . it's been 35 years since they appeared at batman and robin ,  but to see them dressed in dress suits and fighting 'badguys' was kinda sad .  i would rather of just seen the ex-stars do commentary .  the batmobile side story was stupid .   as for the flashback movie ,  i think it was too short and left out way too much .  it was really just a quick overview in my opinion .  i'd like more background .  they showed the penguin and joker for about a minute each just to tell the same stuff i already knew .  the joker had a mustache under his makeup and the penguin had to smoke even though he hated it and was an ex-smoker .  that was it on those 2 .   i'd love to read the book .  i am sure it has more in it that this showed .  like why was there 2 riddlers or why 3 catwoman's or 3 mister freezes .  where was commishioner gordon ,  cheif ohara ,  alfred ,  mister freeze ,  king tut ,  etc .  the list goes on .  like i said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it .   very disappointing .  and really corny . 
really ,  truly ,  abysmally ,  garishly ,  awful .  but actor clayton moore  ( the movie lone ranger )  acquits himself competently as an actor .  he's the only one .   a rare treat ,  for five minutes ,  if you want to plumb the depths of grotesquely transparent special effects ,  southern california as  " the moon "   ( again and again and again )  ,  and acting so woodenly inept that it may be a spoof  .   .   .  except that it's clear that it isn't--no humor here ,  except unintentionally .   the dialogue may be worse than any of these other aspects ,  and the costumes  .   .   .  well ,  enough said .  plot ?  what plot ?  bad guy  ( well ,  head bad guy )  and his henchmen ,  including his earthly agent called krog  ( listen carefully or you'll suspect it's a spoof on the name of mcdonald's founder ray kroc ) and his unbelievably inept gunsels  ( who ,  however ,  have handguns that never need reloading ;  as does commando cody ,  so there are numerous firefight standoffs )  .   enjoy . 
oh ,  man ,  how low serials had fallen as by 1952 !  this dull thing is precisely the kind of serial that annoyed annie wilkes  ( from misery )  .  not only the heroes escape the traps by adding scenes that weren't there in the previous chapter  ( and that couldn't possibly be there - tell me that when the baddies blow up the plain in episode 7 to 8 they wouldn't see the characters jump )  ,  but i think this serial has the world's record of stock footage .  i mean ,  most of it is stock footage !  and not just from another serials  ( apparently all the flying sequences come from king of the rocket men ,  and the cool  " molten rocks "  scenes of episode 2 to 3 is from adventures of captain marvel )  ,  but from itself !  the whole  " trip to the moon "  sequence  ( which is probably the shortest ever ,  it's 30 seconds long and the characters never seem to leave earth's atmosphere )  from episode 1 is repeated in episode 8 !  and episode 10 is all scenes from previous episodes !   ( ever wondered why mst3k never did episodes 10 ,  11 and 12 ?  well ,  they had to stop after 9 so they didn't have to do the whole thing again !  )  .   don't get me started on the science factor .  prepare to see the sunniest moon ever !  and moon men that can not breathe on their own world ?  what were they smoking ?    and if this is not enough ,  it's too talky and the stunts  ( usually the best thing in serials )  are few and far .  visually-wise ,  am i the only one who thinks that commando cody's bullet-shaped  ( or is it lemon-shaped )  helmet is totally ridiculous-looking ?  the rocketeer's was way cooler ,  no matter how bad that movie was  ( and man ,  was it awful )  .  the tank-like vehicle isn't much better ,  it looks like a bunch of kids made it for halloween .  the only positive thing i can think of about it is that the actor who plays the hero is homely instead of the usual muscular hunk  ( hey ,  everybody has the right to be an hero !  )  ,  but then he's so unappealing .  .  .   not even worth watching for nostalgia's sake .  see captain marvel instead .  2/10 .    ( btw ,  check out the memorable quotes section for a real women's lib pearl )  . 
this serial is interesting to watch as an mst3k feature ,  but for todays audience that's all it is .  i was really surprised to see the year it was made as 1952 .  considering that fact alone makes this a solid  ( lowly ?  )  2 in my book .  the cars used don't even look contemporary ,  they look like stuff from the 30's .  it's basically cody  ( the lone world's salvation ?  sheesh talk about an insult to everyone else ,  like the military )  ,  anyway it's cody in his nipple ring flying suit against graber and daley two dumb*ss henchman who sport handguns and an occasional ray gun thats pretty lame in its own right ,  enjoy .  if you want to watch a really good serial see flash gordan ,  it's full of rockets that attack each other and a good evil nemesis and also good looking women ,  this has none of that .  and flash was made 15 or so years before this crap so you can give it some slack .  something made in 1952 ,  this bad ,  deserves a 2 .  nuff said .  give it a 6 if your watching it as a mst3k episode ,  those guys have some good fun with it ;  a tweak of the nipples here ,  a tweak there and i'm flying !  and now as an added bonus ,  i bring you the commander cody theme song as originally sung by joel and his two character bots tom servo and crow aboard the satellite of love for episode eight the enemy planet :    ( singing at the very beginning credits )  ;    ( tom servo singing )  your watching commander cody .  .  .  .  he is the new character from republic ,   he gets in trouble every week .  .  .  but he's saved by editing ,   just a tweak of his nipples .  .  .  sends him on his way ,   a pumpkin head and a rocket pack .  .  .  .  will save the day ,    ( joel singing )  his labratory is a boxing ring .  .  .  when bad guys come to mix it up ,   somebody always gets kidnapped .  .  .  and cody has to fix it up ,   he drinks his tea at al's cafe .  .  .  and flies along on wires ,   he beats the crooks and flies with hooks .  .  .  and puts out forest fires ,    ( crow singing )   bad guys beware .  .  .  cody is there ,   you'll like his hair it's under his helmut .  .  .  and because we can't think of a good rhyme ,   that's the end of the commander cody theme song .  .  .  so sit right back with a will of granite ,   and watch chapter eight ,  cause that's the enemy planet
the radar men from the moon is a pretty typical fare of 1950's serials .  the special effects are pretty cheap ,  the lunar rovers are obviously world war ii surplus jeeps with painted plywood over them ,  and the like .  the acting is only so-so .  it does inspire the imagination of children ,  to whom i believe this was directed to .  by today's standards ,  it's boring ,  cheap ,  and bad .  there's also a hefty amount of stock footage in the first 9 episodes of natural disasters . 
i saw most of the episodes of rmftm as a teenager on  " cliffhanger theater "  running after midnight on a local station some years ago ,  and then again when mystery science theatre riffed on it in the early 90's .  time has not been kind to it .    i can certainly make allowances for the special effects ,  which were quite impressive for a low budget 50's serial  ( imo commando cody's flying scenes were better than george reeves/superman's in his tv show )  .  and i can also make allowances for the ahem ,   " acting "  ,  and fight choreography - .  except for the guy who plays the ruler of the moon men .  he is incredibly miscast .  he looks and acts like the fellow who comes to fix your plumbing ,  not the despotic ruler of an alien race .  even the corny dialog works all right - everyone rattles off their lines like strings of firecrackers ,  with no wasted time or pauses for things like  " thought "  or  " introspection "  .  since everyone does this ,  the viewer finds it immersive after awhile ,  and even to my modern sensibilities ,  it doesn't bother much .    what really irritates me is the writing and the plotting .  i'm not talking about the sunny weather on the moon ,  or baking soda powered rocket ships ,  or a flying suit that has controls labeled  " up/down "  and  " fast/slow "  .  i'm not even bothered by the cheesiness of the resolutions to the cliffhangers that end each chapter .  i'm talking about the fact that our supposed heroes are dumber than fence posts and have no cumulative memory .  and by the fact that although that the dialog clips along like an express train ,  the plot goes through the same motions again and again .    dig it :  commando cody and his pal are the spearhead of a top secret hi tech science lab charged with protecting earth  ( or at least the usa )  against an insidious alien invasion .  but his office has no guards or security checkpoints .  they don't even have locks on the front doors .  so the bad guys walk right in and beat the crap out of the cody and his staff  .  .  . not once  ( perhaps understandable )  but several times .  they even kidnap his female assistant on the second try .  and they never get any smarter .  to further prove my point ,  allow me to point out the way that cody jumps in his flying suit and flies around getting into trouble and never actually seems to succeed in catching anyone .  he does this over and over and over .  cody also flies his ship to the moon  ( the woman assistant comes along to cook )  ,  stays for about 30 seconds and immediately turns around and comes back .  cody captures one of the atomic ray guns .  .  . and immediately loses it again to the bad guys because he couldn't be bothered to lock it up .  and so on .   and you would think that if cody's efforts were so vital to saving the usa from the moon men ,  that he might ask for a few soldiers with carbines ,  a few helicopters and a tank or two to back him up ,  instead of just working with the local police all the time .  this was supposed to be a military operation ,  but they act like it's another episode of  " gangbusters "  .    it's all rather hard to stomach .  i appreciate that the creators were severely limited in the scope of their story by budget and time constraints .  .  . and i appreciate that cody is actually a reasonably tough hombre  ( even though he loses half of his fistfights )  .  but i just can't help yelling  " door !  lock the doooor !  !  "  when the gangsters simply walk into his lab ,  or try to blow up the ship and there are no security measures at the landing site in place .  .  . not even a fence  (  !  )  .    still ,  it's ok .  of the three republic serials i've watched ,   " phantom creeps "  had a better plot ,  and  " undersea kingdom "  had more atmosphere  ( hah !  )  and a better hero than  " radar men "  ,  but it's an ok time-waster .    btw .  .  . why  " radar "  men ?  they didn't use radar ,  they used atomic ray guns .  shouldn't the title have been  " atomic ray gun men from the moon ?  " 
 .  .  . at least during its first half .  if it had started out with the three buddies in the navy and concentrated on the naval action scenes ,  it would have been a much better and tighter film .  the second half of the film is worth it ,  especially for the action sequences and close up shots of early 20th century ships ,  but it's like a dull toothache getting there .  also ,  don't watch this film just because ginger rogers is in it .  she has an important role ,  but it's a small one .   the film starts out showing three new york city buddies working the tourist trade and also in good-natured competition for the hand of sally  ( ginger rogers )  ,  a singing candy salesgirl along the avenue .  world war i breaks out ,  the three buddies seem completely indifferent to the struggle ,  yet enlist in the navy anyways .  the one of the three with the least industry as a civilian  ( bill boyd as baltimore )  winds up the commanding officer to the other two  ( robert armstrong as dutch and james gleason as skeets )  .  to make matters more complex ,  sally has fallen in love with one of the three ,  but doesn't have the chance to tell him before the three sail off to war .   the film is a little more interesting on board ship ,  mainly because of the close shots we have of the ship itself ,  and also because the chemistry among the three buddies is believable .  however ,  james gleason at age 49 looks a bit long in the tooth to be a swabby ,  especially when the sign at the enlistment office said you had to be between 17 and 35 to be eligible .   one real obvious flaw in the film that made me believe that everything outside the naval scenes was slapped together with minimum care is the costume design ,  or ,  i should say ,  the lack of it .  in the scenes in new york just prior to wwi we have everyone dressed in the fashions of 1931 and everyone driving the cars of 1931 - no effort was taken to bring this film into period .   in conclusion ,  if you watch the few scenes with ginger rogers in them and the last 45 minutes involving the naval suicide mission ,  you've seen everything here worth seeing .  the rest is padding . 
the threesome of bill boyd ,  robert armstrong ,  and james gleason play coney island carnys vying for the hand of ginger rogers ,  a working gal who sells salt water taffy .  with the outbreak of world war i ,  the threesome enlist and pursue ginger from afar .  the first half of this rko pathe production is hard going ,  with the three male leads chewing up the scenery with overcooked one-liners and 'snappy' dialogue that quickly grows tiresome .  the second half concentrates on action sequences as the us navy pursues both a german merchant cruiser and a u-boat .  these sequences are lively and well-filmed ,  but overall this is an overlong and unsatisfying comedy-drama with a flat ending .  for fans of the stars only . 
it is very unfortunate when a movie such as this is made .  a great deal of work and money has been put into a film that is amateur at best .   the editing drags on ,  there are obvious mistakes that could have been corrected easily in a second take ,  and the soundtrack is unimaginative .  so much more could have been done with this video movie .  i guess they ran out of time ,  or videotape .   hand-held shots have a distinct amateur feel to them . 
in this extremely low-budget  (  i've seen home movies made with better production value )  australian utter rip-off of  " the burning "  &  " friday the 13th "  ,  a band is planning to make a music video while on a houseboat .  they're stalked by a serial killer who was burned years before .  this movie is even proclaimed to be 'the worst australian film ever made' in it's dvd promotional material .  that's it's only selling point !  complete and utter rubbish in every considerable way .  perhaps a few chuckles here and there for bad movie lovers ,  but it still made me want to burn out my retinas .   eye candy :  a quick flash of barely existent itty bitty titties in a lame shower scene  my grade :  f
okay guys ,  we know why we watch film like  " the invisible maniac "   ( just look at the cover ,  man !  )  .  t and a all over the place  ( with a lot more t than a )  .  but .  .  . shouldn't there be a story to go with it ?    " c'mon ,  "  i can hear you say -  " this is just girls gettin' naked !  who needs a story ?  ?  !  "   well ,  if this were called  " the naked maniacs "  ,  i wouldn't have a problem .  but since these guys are cribbing from  " the invisible man "  ,  they need to have a bit of story hereabouts ,  you know ,  to keep your mind busy .   however ,  all they can muster up is how this crazy doctor creates an invisibility serum and ,  when he cracks ,  uses it to spy on naked women and ends up killing a lot of teenagers .  and when you see the smarmy-looking teenagers he goes after ,  you'll be grateful .   one star ,  for the t and a ,  but there's a little too much gore for you skin fans ,  so proceed with caution .   tidbit - yes ,  it's that savannah . 
why was this film made ?  even keeping in mind the generous tax concessions that australian film investors were given ,  there can be no reasonable explanation for this film being given the go-ahead .  for goodness sakes ,  the actors cast in this film are aussie b-grade celebs  ( not actors ,  people like john michael 'hollywood' howson ,  the original drummer from the band in hey hey its saturday ,  and the voice-over guy in countdown .  but in saying that ,  this is still very watchable as long as you give it the brain attention it deserves  :  none .  the script is bad  ( even for a self-confessed b-grade horror )  and the acting and film quality is worse .  it often looks as though it is a home movie ,  but even a home movie has 'realism' .  anyone interested in australian cinema ,  please ,  for the love of god ,  pretend this film was never made . 
this movie should not classify as cinema .  although it is over 10 years old now ,  it should never ,  ever have gotten funding ,  and is a blight on the australian film industry ,  which is now producing such brilliant films as  " the dish "   the actors cannot act ,  the music is .  .  to be blunt ,  not music ,  the storyline is completely nonexistent and is a struggle to sit through .   do not watch this film .  it is a complete waste of your time . 
this absolute trash is based so closely on the friday the 13th series that is practically a carbon copy ,  accept for it being an australian film with people who can't act .   once upon a time a young boy got burnt up accidentally during the filming of a music video at lake eildon .  now ,  a number of years later ,  the boy is all grown up and taking revenge on anybody who comes to the lake to film a music video .  it is cliche-ridden and a waste of time and money ,  see it only out of curiosity ,  or if you're an aspiring actor trying to learn how not to  ( not be able to )  act .  lead role alan dale used to star in the television soap opera neighbours ,  but ended up in the x files - how did that happen ? 
i just finished watching this on tv and what can i say but this is the worst film i have ever seen !  i'm embarrassed to be from melbourne ,  where the film was made .  diabolical acting ,  amateurish makeup effects and a really bad soundtrack .  as for the plot ,  well ,  thats even more stupid !  some of the scenes just left me stunned as to how bad it was .  there's a reason they put these types of films on late night tv - because they're utter rubbish !  avoid at all costs . 
houseboat horror is a great title for this film .  it's absolutely spot-on ,  and therefore the only aspect of the film for which i can give 10 out of 10 .  there are houseboats ,  there is horror ,  there's even horror that takes place on houseboats .  but if there were ever a tagline for the film poster ,  it would surely be 'something shonky this way comes .  .  . ' for houseboat horror is easily the worst australian horror film i've ever seen ,  not to mention one of the worst horror films i've ever seen ,  and a fairly atrocious attempt at film-making in general .  the good news is ,  it's so bloody awful ,  it sails straight through the zone of viewer contempt into the wonderful world of unintentional hilarity .  it's worth watching *because* it's bloody awful .   the category of 'worst' comes not from the storyline ,  for the simple reason that there actually is one :  a record producer ,  a film crew and a rock band drive up to the mystifyingly-named lake infinity ,  a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in victoria  ( in reality lake eildon )  to shoot a music video .  someone isn't especially happy to see them there and ,  possibly in an attempt to do the audience a favour ,  starts picking them off one by one with a very sharp knife .  even more mystifying is how long it takes the survivors to actually notice this ,    on the surface ,  it looks like a very bog-standard b-movie slasher .  you've got highly-annoying youths ,  intolerant elders ,  creepy locals  ( one of whom ,  a petrol station attendant ,  would easily win a gurning competition )  ,  and let's face it ,  my description of the murderer could easily be jason voorhees .  ah ,  but if only the acting and production values were anywhere near as good as the comparative masterpiece that was friday the 13th part vii .  unfortunately ,  houseboat horror is completely devoid of both these things .   but in the end ,  this only makes what you do get so ridiculous and amusing .  fans of one-time 'late show' and 'get this' member tony martin will already be aware of some of the real dialogue gems  ( 'check out the view .  .  . you'll bar up ! ' )  ,  while the actual song to accompany the music video is so bad it has to be heard to be believed - i can't help wondering if writer/director ollie wood hoped it would actually become a hit .  the horror element is comparable i think to b-slashers of the genre and particularly of the period ,  but there were times when i couldn't help imagining someone biting into a hamburger off-screen and seeing a volley of tomato sauce sprayed at the wall on-screen .   indeed ,  if you've been listening to tony martin recommending this film as hilarious rubbish like myself ,  i don't think you'll be disappointed .  any fans of 'so-bad-it's-good' horror should not pass up the opportunity .  whether you'll 'bar up' or not though is another matter .  if ,  on the other hand ,  you are in search of genuine excellence in the australian horror genre ,  get yourself a copy of the incomparable 'long weekend' and don't look back . 
 " houseboat horror "  is often regarded as the worst australian film ever made and described as a typical slasher film , which carried the promotion 'see the movie that can't get an academy award' . an underground disco band members begins to die slashed to death by burned maniac as they are attempting to shoot a music video on a remote lake in the australian outback . badly acted and written slasher flick with zero suspense and annoying characters . it certainly delivers the gore : heads are split in half with a machete , throats are cut and a woman is killed with a horseshoe . if you like cheesy slasher movies you can give this one a try , but you have been warned . at least it's better than swedish  " the bleeder "  . 4 out of 10 . 
watching a videotaped replay of about 8 various 1994-1997 spider-man cartoons made me realize why i couldn't stomach it when it first came out .   i'm from the old school ,  where the 1967 spider-man cartoon was the best and still remains the best .   ( i won't get into the psychedelic version which is terrible - give me traditional villains please .  )   the acting in the new stuff is lousy ,  read off a sheet with either no feeling or overacting .  paul soles ,  where are you now ?  this guy was the best at voice acting for spider-man .  no one comes close .  watching secret wars ,  a great idea for a cartoon mini-series ,  made me wince .  dr .  doom sounds like a comedy version of bela lugosi .  in a scene with red skull and doc ock ,  red skull has no german accent while ock is heavy russian !  the old marvel comic hero series from 1966 had much better voice acting .  iron man sounded like he was wearing an iron mask ,  captain america sounded authoritative not like some teenage kid .  paul frees as the thing in the 60s was the best thing ever .  the old voice actors were pioneers and there will never be anyone like them .  ever hear mel blanc's son ?  no way can he replicate his dad .   the animation is clunky .  okay ,  so they have all the fancy character shadings and nicely painted backrounds .  sometimes you can say more with less movement if more movement looks bad .  sometimes when you let the computer take over the movements they become robotic .  i really don't think any of these animators know what in betweeners are .    the stories are badly written ,  and some of the lines they give the heroes are horrible .  why ,  for example ,  when heroes are teamed together for the first time they start fighting with each other ?  in secret wars ,  it was a lame excuse that got them in disagreement .  i can see if the hero was dark ,  unknown and mysterious - like the punisher ,  but why the thing and iron man can't hold their tempers with each other is ridiculous ,  then the torch joins in .  this is just another of the later comic trends to get heroes to square off at each other for a few seconds because 'everyone' wants to see that stuff .  give them a better reason to fight and maybe it can be pulled off ,  but  " hey what are you doing here "  and  " you don't tell me what to do "  are lame reasons .  another badly written scene is in the wedding where harry osborne unmasks himself to spoil peter's wedding .  that whole scenario was awful .   last ,  but certainly not least ,  is what another critic calls juvenile violence - meaning no punches at all .  in secret wars ,  the lizard carefully ducked the thing's charge .  but the thing punches the bad guys across an entire block in the comics .  he must simply revert to lifting heavy things and subduing a bad guy by grabbing hold of him in the cartoons .  sure ,  these cartoons were not made strictly for us adults but for kids under 12 .  that's why they can't have punching ,  because mommy and daddy don't believe in that type of violence .  but you can blow things up ,  these cartoons will include that .  as a kid before political correctness came in fashion i saw cartoons punching each other .  what's wrong with a punch to the chops ?  is there really less violence in the world today because those slick and crafty new cartoons took out the punch ?  i find this the most insulting of all when i watch the new stuff .  they've written out  " the punch' because we could all hurt ourselves .   kids ,  enjoy these cartoons all you want ,  i've seen enough .   3/10 rating
i liked this show !  i think it was nothing with wrong with it !  only that spidey don't punch anyone but only for that the show doesn't suck !  some people only think this show is bad because of that .  the story was great and it was fun when other heroes appeared like x-men ,  the punisher ,  daredevil and iron man !  to bad sandman never appear but i kinda like it !  best spidey show ever !  !  my favorite episodes are :  1 .  turning point 2 .  spider wars 3 .  the hobgoblin 4 .  the alien costume 5 .  mutant agenda  but there are some episodes that was really really bad like :  rocket racer and the spot which was embarrassing to watch .  and i don't like morbius and hydro man .  first of morbius suck plasma instead of blood and i don't like vampires .  and it irritates me that he was almost the main villain in season 2 .  of course i have to mentioned hydro man !  he was terrible !  i rather see sandman !  his last appearance was so terrible .  and i don't like spidey as the man-spider !   but i guess everything than this was bad ! 
as long as you can suffer it !  if you like watching people waking up ,  getting up ,  getting dressed ,  having a shower ,  preparing dinner ,  watching each other ,  having sex in the dark ,  then going back to bed to sleep .  .  .  if you like tacky flats ,  narrow bedrooms and kitchens ,  long minutes of silence .  .  .  .  if you like getting bored for two hours ,  feeling the thrill of  " real intimate false art "  ,  then you will like it .  but if you don't ,  just try to see a good movie ,  there are thousands .   " as long as you are here "  ,  but do we want to stay ?  this german movie got the award of the torino gay film festival :  italian journalists still don't understand why the jury took such a bad decision ,  as the festival presented lot of talented movies .  maybe to be nice with a german ,  as they don't often get awards ?  well ,   " the lives of others "  did .  .  .  but this one is excellent but not gay .  so maybe it is a question of fashion .  germans are they  " in "  again ?  no matter what ?  or maybe only for a hustler's glance of some directors ? 
it's interesting that all who  ( so far )  seemed to like this film had no expectations--i guess that's the trick .  in contrast with them ,  i had optimistic expectations ,  and that was a mistake .  as soon as i saw how close to the faces the camera always was ,  i knew we were in the hands of an extremely amateur director--that's always a clear sign of them ,  they think it is arty or effective or intense to hold the camera about two inches away from the actors .  the actors in this film ,  though ,  had only one facial expression each .    if the close camera wasn't enough ,  the lack of light in the film killed it .  the film seemed to be entirely filmed in the dark .  so now we know that the cinematographer was a rank amateur ,  as well .   " ooh ooh ,  we're going to light the set with a flashlight !  that will make it all seem intimate !  "  no ,  that made it all seem invisible .   on top of the serious technical flaws ,  there was absolutely no story beyond the barest hint of an idea that was never developed ,  and nothing new about this kind of relationship was illuminated .   ( perhaps this is a new kind of film for germany ,  but in los angeles ,  forget about it .  )   the fact that this film won a couple of film festival awards doesn't indicate the quality of the film ,  but besmirches the quality of these particular festivals .  i can assure you that this film won't win anything in the festival where i saw it .  in fact ,  two times during the film it seemed that it was finally over and people started to get up to leave  ( this was one of the side effects of the cinematographer's  " total darkness "  technique )  .  but when the film shuddered on ,  instead ,  there were moans coming from the audience .  and once the movie finally did end ,  it was clear that it hadn't mattered if it actually had ended at either of the two earlier points .  an earlier ending would have saved the audience from yet more monotonous scenes of domesticity  ( folding sheets ,  cutting vegetables ,  spreading honey on bread )  .  yeah ,  we get it ,  the life of the lonely old man was boring-- but we figured that one out at the very beginning .   i recommend that audiences miss this one ,  it has absolutely nothing to offer sophisticated movie-goers . 
this film was screen as part of the 2007 sydney mardi gras film festival .  i had no expectation of the film as someone else choose it for me .   i actually like films that take time to develop ,  films that allow the characters to unfold and lets the story flow .  stillness is good .  but this film though was just plain slow .   credit must go to the two main actors .  there was a sense of tension between them as two totally different people ,  misfits really ,  come together in a very awkward way .  there were tender moments and sadness as we learned more about them .   i also liked the setting and the way it was shot .  it was claustrophobic and monochrome and it added to the film's intimacy and reinforces the oddness of the characters .   i just don't understand the ending .  what was the point of it all ? 
this movie is just plain bad .  it isn't even worth watching to make fun of it .  the lunatic professor is just plain annoying .  even suspending disbelief to allow for invisibility  ( which i glady do for the sake of good bad movies )  and allowing for exceedingly stupid victims in a horror movie ,  this movie asks for even more than that .  if you are looking for women's locker room shower scenes ,  and random sexual encounters ,  get a porn ,  if you are looking for a good-bad movie ,  get something else .  if you want to simply waste your time on an annoying bad movie ,  rent this . 
i wholeheartedly disagree with the other viewers of this wretched film .  the only reason why i didn't rate it 1 for awful was due to the great talent of carmen miranda .  the beginning and end are the best parents due to her gifted singing and dancing .   the problem is with the rest of the picture .  alice faye comes off quite hollow .  don ameche has a great singing voice but with the wretched writing material ,  he comes off so terribly corny .   the plot is a real stiff here with ameche assuming two parts as a song and dance man and a baron not happily married to faye .   it seems that by playing the song and dance man ,  ameche's marriage gets a second change to reignite .  some silly nonsense about the baron having to clear up business and being away allows him to play both parts .   s . z .  sakal is given little to do here and so his comedic gifts are not given the opportunity to shine .  ditto for j .  carrol naish who actually appears uncomfortable in his role .   this is a chica chica boom bomb of a film . 
despite the acclaim on the dvd cover of the version i borrowed ,  this film was a disappointment .  yes ,  it is far more realistic than other war films of the period for depicting the mud ,  boredom and frustration of the grunt ,  but unfortunately one comes away from it thinking that's all there is to this movie .  there is no plot and the dialogue is monotonous .  it's not that a good war film needs to have a battle scene every five minute .  one of the best world war ii films ,   " twelve o'clock high ,  "  has very little action .  but it compensates with crackling dialogue and psychological tension .  the exception to  " the story of g . i .  joe "  is a brief battle segment  ( titled  " city under siege "  on the dvd )  which takes place in italy .  admittedly it is one of the most fast-paced and convincing combat scenes of any war movie .  but alas ,  the rest of the film is not worth watching just for this highlight .  another turn-off is pvt .  dondaro ,  played by wally cassell ,  who is meant to be a  " romeo "  but comes off a pervert .  by contrast ,  sgt .  warnicki is a sympathetic ,  if flawed ,  man .  as he says to capt .  walker  ( mitchum )  when volunteering for another patrol :   " every step forward is a step closer .  .  .  to home .  "  but that last step  one patrol too many  drives him over the mental brink .  too bad the rest of the movie doesn't do justice to some otherwise fine touches .  as for meredith's portrayal of pyle .  .  .  it is practically comatose . 
heavily re-edited and often confusing ,  the original screen version of man on fire was at least ten years out of date when it was made and the passing years haven't made it any better .  this is the kind of movie that producers with too much money and too little experience make to get attention and everyone else does just to pay off their outstanding alimony or their drug dealer ,  with scott glenn's bodyguard going out on a limb to rescue his 12-year-old charge ,  the kidnapped daughter of a wealthy italian family .  an interesting cast - joe pesci ,  brooke adams ,  danny aiello ,  jonathan pryce - have all done better ,  the action is sluggish and sparse and only john scott's exceptionally fine score  ( part of which turned up in the last reel of die hard )  makes a positive impression .  one case where the remake  ( made by tony scott ,  the original choice of director for this version )  is an improvement . 
steve mcqueen has certainly a lot of loyal fans out there .  he certainly was a charismatic fellow ,  one of the most charismatic the big screen ever knew .  but even mcqueen can't save this turkey of a film ,  shot with what looks like a brownie camera in the actual locations in st .  louis .   mcqueen's a new kid with no criminal record brought into the planning of a bank heist by one of the other gang .  there's more than a broad hint that there's a gay relationship going on between young steve and david clarke .  he's not liked at all by the other heist members ,  mainly because of his lack of criminal resume .    steve also has a girl friend in molly mccarthy and she suspects something afoot ,  especially when he starts hanging around with crahan denton and james dukas as well as clarke ,  all pretty rough characters .  that would certainly get my suspicions aroused .   the great st .  louis bank robbery had two directors charles guggenheim and john stix .  guggenheim did mostly documentaries and stix didn't do much of anything .  one of those two jokers decided steve's performance was best served by doing a bad marlon brando imitation .    this film may go down as the worst ever done by steve mcqueen .  i'm willing to bet that dick powell and four star productions had already signed him for wanted dead or alive because i can't believe they would have if they saw this .   or they would have seen something the public would have overlooked except for the dressing for this turkey . 
when the remake of when a stranger calls was out ,  obviously i was interested in watching the original .  then when i read about the original  ( which i recall had my sisters totally freaked out back in the day )  i saw that the real money is on black christmas ,  which apparently beat everyone to the  " the caller is in the house "  punch .  so i netflix that ,  and it sits at the top of my list for months due to its  " very long wait .  "  all this time i am getting more and more eager to see it !  then one day ,  out of the blue ,  it finally arrives !   .  .  . and it's a total snore .   sure ,  maybe i had elevated expectations ,  but i don't think it would have gained more had i seen it fresh .  the thing is it's christmas in some canadian college town ,  and there's this sorority having a party .  we see some killer-pov shots as he climbs this trellis and sneaks into the attic .  so we know he's in the house .  then we're introduced to our characters-olivia hussey as the mousy ,  whiny ,  canadian-accented jess .  margot kidder as the annoying ,  overtly aggressive alcoholic barb .  she's so annoying even her mother dis-invites her for her christmas festivities .  there's also this irritating janis ian clone  (  " phil "  )  and this alcoholic den mother mrs .  mac ,  seen taking nips from the various bottles of booze she has stashed all over the house .  we also meet jess's highly-strung boyfriend peter ,  played by keir dullea of 2001 and bunny lake is missing fame ,  though halfway through the film i was still asking myself  " which one's keir dullea ?  "   so it seems that the house has been receiving obscene phone calls ,  but this was before email ,  so they couldn't ask him to send a photo .  then-well ,  you know how they say those plastic dry-cleaning bags are not a toy ?  one of the sisters finds that out the hard way .  don't worry if you don't catch the first 14 shots of the plastic-encased corpse face as it reposes in the attic-there'll be 28 more interspersed throughout the film ,  obviously there to make you say  " oh my god !  there's a corpse in the attic !  "  though after the first hour that changes to :   " how come the dumb police haven't found the rather prominently-placed plastic-encased corpse in the attic ?  "  especially as it is made abundantly clear that it is clearly visible from outside the house .  really ,  any time before csi came on the air must have been such a golden age of crime ;  the cops are so dumb .  fortunately some of them look like john saxon .   anyway ,  after a lot more darn boring human drama ,  the house mother fears that her precious kitty has ascended a vertical ladder and has pushed open a heavy-looking trap door that rests atop it  ( those wily cats !  )  ,  for she sticks her head in there and ends up with a hook pulley in her neck for the trouble .  now we have two corpses up in the attic-hey ,  why don't we have 75 more shots trying to chill us by the fact that there are now two corpses in the attic ?   so by now the police have begun to take the situation seriously ,  and tap the houses' phone and station a cop outside .  they inform jess and her pal janis ian that if the obscene caller calls back ,  they need to keep him on the phone .  jessica ,  who has grown even more whiny ,  mousy and annoying keeps asking the caller  " who is this ?  what do you want ?  who are you ?  "  after like the first 89 calls ,  when it is clear that he is not going to answer her .  isn't that like a sign a developmental disability ?  the inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something ?  and what's he going to do ,  suddenly say  " oh yeah ,  hi ,  it's bob from the laundromat ?  "  dumb jess .   spoilers !  anyway ,  soon janis ian and lois lane  ( kidder )  are piled in bed with ketchup splashed on their faces  ( this film's idea of gore )  ,  and idiot jess realizes that not a single door or window in the house is locked .  hello ?  are you being stalked or what ?  then the cops realize that the killer is in the house ,  and call jess and tell her  " don't ask questions ,  just do as i say walk to the front door and get out .  "  so what does moron jess do ?  starts screaming  " phil ?  barb ?  phil ?  barb ?  "  hey ,  great idea sister .  now why don't you go right upstairs where you know a psychotic killer is lurking ?  of course she does ,  and sees her former friends ,  all splashed with ketchup ,  prompting this viewer to scream at the screen :   " have a clue now ?  !  "   now ,  obviously one needs to be understanding and realize that this movie was made before the classic slasher movie tropes were solidly in place ,  and that it doesn't move to the same pace we're used to ,  and seeing a plastic-covered corpse in the attic like 206 times probably was scary back in the day ,  and people weren't used to being stalked by psychopaths ,  so they wouldn't think to ,  you know ,  lock the doors or windows .  and they might be tempted to wander upstairs when they have just been told that a rabid killer is up there .  you see ,  people were stupid back in the 70s .  we have to understand that .  one of the big shocks is that we don't even see our proto-final girl kill the psycho .  but believe me ,  that fact is more interesting being read in this review than sitting through the movie for .  spoilers end !    ------ hey ,  check out cinema de merde ,  my website on bad and cheesy movies  ( with a few good movies thrown in )  .  you can find the url in my email address above . 
this is a weak film with a troubled history of cuts and re-naming .  it doesn't work at all .  firstly the dramaturgy is all wrong .  it's very slow moving at first and then hastily and unsatisfactorily moves to an end .  but there is also  ( and that may have to do with the cuts )  an uneasy moving between genres .  it starts off with being a thriller to be taken at face value and then degenerates into a farce rather than satire .  the ending may be funny but it's also so blunt that i almost felt it insulted my intelligence  ( what little there is )  .  so the film tries to be everything but does not really succeed on any level at all .  you can also see that in the very unsteady character development . you almost get the impression connery plays three roles rather than one . 
i'd never heard of this ,  then found out it's the man with the deadly lens ,  which i'd heard of but not seen .  connery's presence drove me to buy it ,  and it's not good .  it wants to be a sort of cross between dr strangelove and mash ,  but it just isn't that funny ,  unless you find the name general wombat  (  ?  )  funny .  it comes across as a flat 70s thriller until the last ten minutes ,  when it springs to life .  there are many ,  many flat scenes in the whitehouse between the president and his aides which don't work .  it's almost as if the initial cut was too long ,  and the first half was edited down to get to the whole nuclear bomb ransom storyline and the suicide bomber attacks ,  which i think are meant to be played for laughs ,  but again ,  aren't that funny .  the location filming is excellent but the studio stuff looks like cheap tv .  i could not believe the man responsible for key largo ,  crossfire and elmer gantry did this .  only laugh :  connery throws away his wig before putting on his helmet and jumping out of a plane .  it makes never say never again look like genius . 
the zombie chronicles   aspect ratio :  1 . 33 : 1  ( nu-view 3-d )   sound format :  mono  whilst searching for a  ( literal )  ghost town in the middle of nowhere ,  a young reporter  ( emmy smith )  picks up a grizzled hitchhiker  ( joseph haggerty )  who tells her two stories involving flesh-eating zombies reputed to haunt the area .   an absolute waste of time ,  hobbled from the outset by haggerty's painfully amateurish performance in a key role .  worse still ,  the two stories which make up the bulk of the running time are utterly routine ,  made worse by indifferent performances and lackluster direction by brad sykes ,  previously responsible for the likes of camp blood  ( 1999 )  .  this isn't a 'fun' movie in the sense that ed wood's movies are 'fun'  ( he ,  at least ,  believed in what he was doing and was sincere in his efforts ,  despite a lack of talent )  ;  sykes' home-made movies are ,  in fact ,  aggravating ,  boring and almost completely devoid of any redeeming virtue ,  and most viewers will feel justifiably angry and cheated by such unimaginative ,  badly-conceived junk .  the 3-d format is utterly wasted here . 
follow-up to 1973's far better  " cleopatra jones "  has statuesque black actress tamara dobson returning to her signature role as chic ,  super-tough narcotics agent ,  here busting a heroin ring in hong kong .  cross-pollination of blaxploitation action-flick and kung-fu b-movie is fun at the outset but eventually flags .  the shoot-out finale is right off the assembly-line ,  and dobson herself seems less energetic than before  ( she's still sexy ,  and she puts a unique spin on her comically-stilted dialogue ,  but these surroundings may have been too much of one thing for her--she's jaded )  .  stella stevens plays the villainess this time ;  she's good ,  but can't match shelley winters in the predecessor .  ** from ****
if you liked watching mel gibson in million dollar hotel then you might enjoy watching burt reynolds in yet another film so bad it could never be distributed .  i can only attest to the dvd version so maybe the vhs version is better quality wise but the movies night and dark scenes have been so poorly done that everythings seems red .  i first thought my dvd players was messed up .  it wasn't .  if you insist on watching it i recommend you adjust the color on your tv until it is black and white .  if you don't you will never be able to get through the film .  if you do it will simply remind you of a poor film students attempt to revist the style of pulp fiction . 
this film describes the experiences of a couple of hit men  ( one of them burt reynolds )  ,  a prostitute ,  and two drag queens over the interval of a few hours on one night in miami .  the convergent storylines eventually bring all the people together at one place and time .  the movie was mildly entertaining ,  but the big problem was that everything happens at night and many scenes were literally under-exposed to the point that it was impossible to see what was happening .  in a few scenes you can actually see where they tried to  " stretch "  the developing process to save the images .  somebody didn't know how to operate a movie camera .  amazing that this film was even released ! 
saw this late one night on cable .  at the time i didn't know that the girl billed as  " shannon wilsey "  was actually porn star savannah ,  but she was so beautiful  ( and got naked so often ,  thank god )  that i actually sat through this brain-rotting drivel .  i like cheesy flicks as much as the next guy--more than the next guy ,  actually--but this was way beyond cheesy and more into rancid .  the truly annoying overacting by the mad scientist and the director's ,  writers' and special effects people's virtually total incompetence detracts from the gratuitous nudity that is the movie's only saving grace .  savannah ,  before she turned into the plasticized barbie doll she became as a porn queen ,  is really interesting to watch--she's drop-dead gorgeous ,  bursts into uncontrollable giggling at times ,  glances off-camera and laughs and just generally seems to be having a really good time ,  which is more than can be said for the audience .  for even though savannah and her colleagues spend a fair amount of this picture naked ,  it still can't hide the fact that this is an incredibly stupid ,  badly made and annoying movie .  if you know someone who has it on video ,  or if it comes on cable some night ,  check it out ,  but don't waste your money on a rental . 
the bfg is one of roald dahl's most cherished books ,  but in this animated adaptation the magic just isn't there .  this version remains pretty faithful to dahl's original story so one can't lay the blame on john hambley's script .  if anything the fault lies with the colourless animation ,  the lethargic pace and the generally lacklustre voice-overs .  one would be right to expect this story to make for a happy ,  vibrant ,  fun-filled movie .  .  .  .  .  instead ,  the film is a hopelessly dull affair that becomes quite tedious to watch .  children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book first !  all the film will achieve is to put them off read what is actually a children's' classic .   young orphan sophie  ( voice of amanda root )  lives in a none-too-friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of mrs clonkers .  one evening she is peering through the window when she spots a massive figure walking stealthily down the village street .  the figure realises it has been seen ,  so it reaches in through the window and scoops sophie from her bed ,  placing her into its enormous pocket before fleeing into the night .  sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from giant country ,  and fears that he will eat her .  but to her relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species who introduces himself as the bfg  ( voice of david jason )  .  the bfg refuses to eat people ,  instead restricting himself to foul-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers .  however ,  giant country is populated by numerous other giants who do feast - every night ,  as it happens - on poor unsuspecting humans .  sophie and the bfg become great friends ,  and soon they come up with a plan to thwart the other giants .  together they go to the queen of england  ( voice of angela thorne )  with their remarkable story and beg her to send the army and the air force to fight the man-eating giants .  the queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can harm anyone else .   jason voices the bfg quite well  ( one of the few pluses in the film )  but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality .  the rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired ,  with very little to bring the characters to life .  similarly ,  the bfg is the only character that is imaginatively animated - sophie lacks appeal ,  and the giants are boringly designed  ( and look almost indistinguishable from each other )  .  even the places are uninventive ;  giant country especially comes up short ,  being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rocks and canyons .  at 88 minutes the film is not exactly lengthy ,  yet it drags quite badly in parts due to the soporific handling of several sequences .  little of dahl's mischievous humour is conveyed satisfactorily .  one chapter in the book deals with the bfg's love of  " whizzpopping "   ( farting )  and is laugh-out-loud hilarious .  in the film ,  the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling .  i came to the the bfg expecting lots of zest ,  fun and enjoyment ,  but what i got was pretty much the opposite !  this one is a failed misfire that simply doesn't match the calibre of the book in any department - unfortunately ,  therefore ,  it must go down as one to skip . 
this was not enjoyable to watch .  frank puts all his dreams on the back burner and gets a normal  ( boring !  )  job just so his stepson can go to film school ,  but his stepson decides that he'll make a humiliating documentary about the man instead .  a documentary filmmaker should point the camera and simply shoot ,  not manipulate and comment with snide captions .  the bitterness and resentment of the filmmaker towards his stepfather is obvious .  and sad .  the goal seems to be to make frank appear dumb and pathetic ,  instead he comes across as the most human of the 3 people featured .   essentially a smear campaign all dressed up as something much smarter and edgier than it really is .  it left me with an intense dislike for the filmmaker . 
did anyone edit this film ?  or was it only the dvd release that had huge thirty second gaps between scenes ?  it's ok though ,  i fell asleep watching it the first time .  then i fell asleep the second time and the third time .  the plot is actually not the worst i've seen ,  but it's close .  the acting is not the worst i've seen either .  .  . but it's close .  the production  .  .  .  .  well ,  i can honestly say that it was the worst i had ever seen in my life !  not trying to be spiteful ,  but unhinged could have used some more production .   please don't think i'm a hater of horror films ,  or even that i didn't enjoy this film .  i just felt i was laughing at the film much more than i felt i was laughing along with it .  the gruesome moments were not too poorly done ,  but could have been done better even with a shoestring budget .   characters seemed awkwardly developed ,  or ignored all together ,  twist ending was pretty bad ,  and the exposition took forever without exposing much .   i'd recommend avoiding this movie .   1/10
after the opening credits ,  there's a black screen for about a minute .  a minute of nothing ,  then a girl wakes up and takes a shower . then her and two college friends are driving to a rock concert ,  after much padding ,  they hit something and skid off the road .  they awaken in a cabin inhabited by a wheelchair-bound old lady and her offspring . the killings are sadly very tame for a supposed video nasty .  the twist ending silly and predictable .  no one involved in the mess would ever make anything of note again .  so there are still happy endings sometimes .   eye candy :  sara ansley gets topless ,  and laurel munson has full frontal on display   my grade :  d
when i rented  " unhinged "  ,  i was expecting a gore movie .  the box even claimed that the movie had extreme scenes of violence that were cut from the theatrical release  ( i now have serious doubts about this being released in the theater )  .  after finishing the movie ,  i wondered how it could even receive a video release .   the plot is as follows :  a group of three young women on a car trip crash their car into a tree .  these women somehow manage to make their way to a mansion ,  which contains an extremely sexist woman .  beyond this point ,  the movie is mainly composed of useless scenes that are intended to make the movie long enough for release .   one of the things that makes this movie awful is the acting .  lisa munson ,  who plays the main character ,  looks as though she is reading her lines off cue cards .  the others acting is bad ,  but not nearly as bad as hers .  another thing that makes this movie bad is the camera technique .  many shots are taken by cameras attached to the ceiling .  this gets very annoying as the movie progresses .  on top of all that ,  there is very little gore ,  which makes the box very misleading .    don't waste your time on this one .  my rating :  1 out of 10
i normally do not take the time to make comments that few people will read ,  about movies few will see .  however ,  in this case ,  i feel i must warn all those who might consider wasting time on it .  i just finished watching it only five minutes ago .  this is ,  quite simply ,  one of the worst movies that i have ever seen in my life .  the acting is horrible ,  a plot is nonexistent ,  and production values are poverty level at best .  i know that even a low budget movie can be great ,  but not this one .  there is only thing that could have saved this movie for any horror fan's purposes--more on-screen gore and slashing !  the grand total of three times that this occurs is off-screen .  while it is effective and reasonably disturbing when it happens--especially the end scene--there is simply not enough of it .  the movie is just too long for it's minimal content ,  too dialogue heavy ,  and consequently almost impossible to watch .  what happens ?  to put it all in a nutshell with room to spare ,  three teenage girls irresponsibly and knowingly go out driving through an isolated area where over 20 girls have previously been abducted and murdered .  their car ,  of course ,  breaks down ,  and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy people--one of whom is the psychotic killer .  all three are eventually murdered ,  one by one ,  off-screen ,  after what seems like an eternity of boring ,  slow-paced nonsense .  as i said ,  the only things worth watching even once are the murders .  please don't buy it or rent it just for that ,  and don't be fooled like i was by the misleading box art and movie description .  save your money and your time . 
i bought this movie for $5 at a used cd store ,  and i kinda regret it .  i'll start by saying i'm a huge fan of cheesy horror flicks .  they provide a horribly tacky cheap entertainment .  this movie entertained for the first half hour ,  because it was so bad it could be made fun of in an mst3k style manner quite easily .  then it got boring .   the acting is the scariest part of the movie .  while great acting is not to be expected ,  this was laughably bad and ,  honestly ,  provided all of the entertainment that was to be had .  this is the plus side to the movie .  where the movie really falters in entertaining is the writing ,  lighting ,  and the editing .   this movie provides way too many  " what the %$@# is going on ?  "  moments .  there are many moments ,  such as the mother having strange fits at dinner ,  and then that having absolutely no consequence in the movie .  along the lines of dinner ,  someone in charge decided it was fun to watch people eat refined food for five minutes straight without dialogue every time a meal was served .  during the meals and other inappropriate moments ,  the scene cuts away to pure darkness outside .  then cuts back in .  and speaking of darkness outside ,  one of the funniest parts of the movie is the climate ,  where apparently it isn't nighttime unless it's raining .  and speaking of darkness ,  a big problem with the movie is that it's so poorly lit you can't see what's going on half the time ,  which is more of a frustration than anything .  in one of the climactic scenes ,  you can't even tell what you're supposed to be seeing that's so shocking .   and when it comes to climactic scenes ,  unhinged contains one of the worst .  i've seen people say  " wow ,  that surprised me ,  and that's good .  "  i can say that the big reveal did surprise me ,  because i didn't see it coming .  the reason i didn't see it coming is because it made absolutely no sense .  i won't ruin it for you ,  but i will tell you that my friend and i spent a good twenty minutes rewinding to various parts of the movie to find anything that would have validated that at all ,  and all we found were more things saying that it wasn't possible .   all in all ,  this movie is actually better when you watch it with the commentary tracks that make fun of it .  i love crap horror movies ,  but this was too much . 
i ,  too ,  was fooled by the packaging .  i ,  too ,  fell for the gory packaging and the dvd casing that claims  " grieved fans as every copy was pulled from shelves "  .  though it was inexpensive  ( $6 . 99 )  ,  it wasn't really all that worth it - no scares ,  and very limited gore .  the ending was very cheesy and didn't deliver the punch it should have .  i really don't even know how it became a  " video nasty "  with how very tame it is .  the story drags ,  the characters are obvious amateur actors .  .  . it doesn't live up to the promise .  the dvd bonus feature  ( the  " interview "  ) is very strange as the director appears very incoherent and not all there .  the lead actress talks like she's appearing in a shakespearean production .  it's a great laugh . 
basic slasher movie premise ,  3 young ladies wreck their car and end up staying with a creepy family .  yawn .   watching 36 minutes of a premonition of oj's car chase with a white sedan instead of a bronco .  yawn .   old lady with hot and cold dementia controlling her daughter .  .  .  yawn  23 minutes of watching the actors eat - yawn trying to identify what the heck they are eating  .  .  .  ok there might be a drinking game here  .  .  .  nope - yawn   complimentary shower scenes  .  .  .  ok got my interest for a couple of seconds .   completely random and uninspired killings  .  .  .  yawn   the ending  .  .  .  dude !  that psycho is deranged - why couldn't the rest of the movie be like the last 5 minutes .  .  .  unfortunately that is it - my advice - fast forward to the last five minutes and watch that and then put something good in the player - for me i am going back to sleep . 
 " unhinged "  is one strange little film ,  a forgotten slasher from the golden age of the genre .  it's hard to really write a satisfying review of this film simply because of the fact that the film is so unique .  it's plot is fairly overdone--three young women on their way to a rock concert get in a car crash and end up stranded at the mansion of an eccentric old woman and her spinster daughter .  very quickly ,  the ladies realize something is not quite right when they hear strange breathing and noises from the attic .  on top of that ,  the mother and daughter seem to have a very ,  very strange relationship ,  as they quarrel intensely in front of their houseguest at dinner .  the old mother even goes as far as calling her daughter a whore and slut and accuses her of sneaking guys in at night to sleep with them .  halfway through the film ,  when one girl finally decides she better wander off to find help ,  the killing begins .    as far as the acting goes ,  this film is at the bottom of the barrel .  none of the three stranded girls can act ,  particularly the  " lead "  girl .  it is almost unbelievable to hear them deliver their lines in the same ,  wooden tone throughout the film .  the mother and daughter are better ,  but not much .  the film is also quite dull in parts and really ,  really drags .  the killings are gruesome ,  but nothing we haven't seen before .  however ,  as mentioned on here ,  the film really gains points with it brilliantly disturbing and gory ending .  it comes totally from left field and has the same shock value as the ending the the camp classic  " sleepaway camp .  "  unfortunately ,  the rest of the film is a bore and suffers from horrendous acting and boring ,  boring pacing .  the isolated ,  creepy looking mansion and the dark ,  foreboding lighting does give the film a grainy realism ,  but that is quickly shattered when one of the characters attempts to act .  it may be worth it if you can stick it out until the end ,  but i say you are better off just fast forwarding to the last 10 minutes .  4 out 10
here's an interesting little movie that strictly gives the phrase  " low budget "  a horrible name .  our physics teacher who has about nine kids creates a strange serum that causes  " molecular reorganization "  .  students are hopelessly killed from fake coincidences of submarine sandwiches and flying school supplies .  sounds like a resurrection of classic b-movies from the 50s ,  right ?  nope !  it's not an example of high camp fun ,  which is way ,  way off the mark .  a glamorous showcase of breasts and butts ensues our desire for pleasure ,  opposing the horror that should have had 99 . 44% more in the first place .  bottom-of-the-barrel entertainment at its best ,  aided by pints of red blood and dead student bodies .  atrocious movies like this would make the ultimately catastrophic guru the mad monk  ( 1970 )  the work of an intelligent genius who has a master's degree in film production !  it's an automatic  " f "  ,  so rest easy ! 
i bought unhinged because i got suckered by the gory picture on the cover .  if you want to see all the good parts of the movie just look on the back of the box .  all the kills are shown and i can honestly tell you that they look much better in the still frames than they do in the movie .   having said that ,  let's look at the plot .  a group of college girls driving to a rock concert  ( by way of the deep ,  dark woods in one of the longest driving sequences ever captured on celluloid )  slide off the road .  no visible damage is done to the car but apparently it was enough to put one of the characters in a comatose state for the rest of the film  ( or perhaps she read the script and was already in a coma before filming began )  .   the two remaining girls wake up in a big ,  isolated house .  the house ,  by the way ,  is fabulous and manages more drama just by its presence than any of the actors in the film .  for some reason ,  though ,  this house has no roads going to it .  the only way you can get to the main road is by hiking five miles through the woods .  the girls spend the rest of unhinged sitting around listening to weird conversations between an old rich bitch  ( who looks like george washington in drag )  and her equally homely ,  sexually repressed daughter .  the girls apparently were in no hurry to get back from that concert anyway being that they packed more clothes than the cast of gilligan's island for that three hour tour .   by the time we ,  the viewers ,  get to the kill scenes ,  we no longer care .  we wish that someone would kill us just to end our suffering  .  unhinged finally wraps up with a quite shocking ending that deserved to be in a much better film .  it's almost as though the ending ,  the one good idea in the film ,  was written first and then the writers tried to make a movie leading up to it .   unhinged is ultimately a boring film with bad acting ,  inept directing ,  and a plot with more holes than a leper in a porno film  ( sorry .  i'm not sure where that came from )  .  you will get an idea of how bad this movie is during the opening credits when ,  for some reason that is never explained ,  the screen goes black for about two minutes while the characters talk about nothing worth remembering .  don't waste your time .  you'll just feel unhinged and want your time and money back . 
banned as a 'video nasty' in the uk ,  unhinged has naturally gained quite a bit of notoriety .  however ,  the most shocking thing i found about the film was its amateurishness in all departments .  the bloodletting i could handle :  the terrible acting ,  shoddy editing ,  awful direction ,  lousy script and abysmal soundtrack were much harder to take .   three girls on their way to a music festival crash into a ravine during a storm .  they are rescued by a friendly stranger who takes them to a nearby house .  the owner of the house ,  a batty old lady ,  and her spinster daughter ,  welcome the girls in ,  allowing them to stay for a few days in order to recuperate .  however ,  someone doesn't want the girls to leaveever !  one by one they fall victim to an unseen assailant .   taking a long time to get going and featuring some of the worst performances ever in a horror film  ( and that takes some doing )  ,  unhinged is a truly awful film .  the music is a total mess  ( it sounds like a three year old has been let loose on a synthesiser )  and as such ,  it complements the movie perfectly .  only a couple of bloody scenes towards the end and a bit of gratuitous nudity save unhinged from getting the lowest possible score .   if you are a horror completist  ( and unfortunately ,  i am )  ,  you will want to see this in order to tick it off the video nasty watch-list .  but be warnedit is really ,  really bad . 
i had never heard of this one before the owner of my local dvd rental outlet mentioned it to me ;  being a 1980s horror flick with the notorious distinction of having been banned in the u . k .  ,  i decided to check it out .  the film turned out be a dull ,  amateurish and ugly-looking ride ;  the sound recording is so poor that dialogue is unintelligible half of the time ,  whereas the acting gives new meaning to the word inept !    what’s worse ,  the film follows the awfully tired formula of a trio of teenage girls being involved in an accident and finding themselves sheltered by a dysfunctional family living in remote surroundings .  soon ,  one of the girls goes to look for help and is never heard from again ;  another ,  still bed-ridden ,  is quickly disposed of  ( after being forgotten for most of the duration )  .  the heroine is the one to interact the most with the three inhabitants of the house :  a harridan of a bible-thumping mother  ( cue horrendous overacting )  ,  her repressed  ( and long-suffering )  daughter ,  and the latter’s weirdo brother who occasionally appears on the scene to drool over the sleeping female guests .   often resorting to dinner-table reminiscences by the man-hating mother  ( as a means of filling in the dreary ,  to say nothing of unoriginal ,  backstory )  and which invariably develop into mother-daughter sparring contests ,  the film does have one ace up its sleeve – the twist ending is as unexpected as it is ingenious ,  but it does little to remove the bad taste left in the mouth by the film  ( as much through the lameness of it all as the intermittent gore )  or the inescapable feeling of having wasted 80 minutes of my time .  .  . 
unhinged follows the typical plot of the early 80's slasher trend .  pretty young girls in peril .  i have to give it up for the filmmaker who used a helicopter for some of the early road-trip shots ,  you actually think for a second there's going to be quality in the production .  watching  " unhinged "  was like seeing an amateur acting class go through it's warm-up .  some of the most awkward ,  badly lit ,  overlong scenes are played out with the gusto of a valium overdose .  i wondered why they didn't just put the cue-cards on camera so the actresses wouldn't have to constantly shift their gaze .  the two main girls were obviously chosen for their t&a factor rather than talent .  laurel munson as the main chick terry is as exciting as watching paint dry .  two nude scenes make for an adolescent thrill .  janet penner and virginia settle as the crazy/creepy daughter and mother the chicks find themselves stranded with compete for worst acting ever .  long pauses ,  weird expressions ,  emphasis on the wrong word ,  it's all there and is a delight for those of us out there who love bad films .  the scenes shift suddenly with long black-outs you could drive a mack truck through .  cartoon lightning crashes across shots without even bothering to show the sky .  eighties eyeshadow assaults the viewer .  but ya know ,  it grew on me .  i felt sorry for it .  i wanted to hug it ,  kiss it's boo-boos and make it better .  the ending doesn't make up for the damage it's caused but i grinned anyway .  i have my own theories regarding the whole  " banned "  hype and hope that anyone who chooses to view this film does so with substantial substance abuse and a sense of humor .  otherwise pass . 
i've never really considered myself much of  " student "  when it comes to watching films ,  i watch them ,  form an opinion and that's it .  but unhinged changed all this .  this film is without a doubt the most inept attempt at film making i've ever seen .  every kid who rocks up at university thinking they're gonna be the next spielberg or tarantino needs to be handed this film with a handbook titled  " how not to make a film "  .  not only is there no story to be had ,  the film makers weren't even competent enough to make a film worth watching .  it's been a while since i saw it ,  but all i can say is watch the overhead tracking shots in the opening scenes .  they are never ending !  it's almost like having your teeth pulled ,  only not as much fun . 
ever watched a movie that lost the plot ?  well ,  this didn't even really have one to begin with .   where to begin ?  the achingly tedious scenes of our heroine sitting around the house with actually no sense of menace or even foreboding created even during the apparently constant thunderstorms  ( that are strangely never actually heard in the house-great double glazing )  ?  the house that is apparently only a few miles from a town yet is several hours walk away (  ?  )  or the third girl who serves no purpose to the plot except to provide a surprisingly quick gory murder just as the tedium becomes unbearable ?  or even the beginning which suggests a spate of 20+ killings throughout the area even though it is apparent the killer never ventures far from the house ?  or the bizarre ritual with the salt & pepper that pretty much sums up most of the films inherent lack of direction .   add a lead actress who can't act but at least is willing to do some completely irrelevant nude shower scenes and this video is truly nasty ,  but not in the way you hope .   given a following simply for being banned in the uk in the 80's  ( mostly because of a final surprisingly over extended murder )  it offers nothing but curiosity value- and one classic 'daft' murder  ( don't worry-its telegraphed at least ten minutes before )  .   after a walk in the woods our victim comes to a rather steep upward slope which they obviously struggle up .  halfway through they see a figure at the top dressed in black and brandishing a large scythe .  what do they do ?  slide down and run like the rest of us ?  no ,  of course not- they struggle to the top and stand conveniently nice and upright in front of the murder weapon .   it really is only a movie as they say .  . 
twist endings can be really cool in a movie .  it's especially interesting when the twist is right in front of our eyes ,  but we just don't pay attention .  those type of twist endings are the one's that make people think .  then we've got twists like this film has .  twists that ,  whether or not you pay attention ,  you have no clue what's going to happen .  when they reveal this kind of random twist ,  instead of shock ,  it's somewhat a dumbfounded reaction .  this film starts off like it's going to be an interesting take on horror ,  but after about 20 minutes ,  it's nothing but boring dialogue and a stupid twist .   three young women are going to a concert ,  so they get lost traveling through the woods ,  and hit a tree trunk .  they end up at some old creepy lady's house ,  who hates men ,  and they are greeted by her homely daughter marion  ( laurel munson )  .  strange goings on happen as these girls stay at this house for several days instead of trying to leave or get home ,  and the suspense progresses into a dumb slasher .   this film is too caught up in it's dialogue ,  and it's always between only a few characters .  we have the main three girls ,  the creepy spinster and the old lady ,  and conversation of any importance does not go beyond these five .  to make matters worse ,  they never have anything interesting to say .  it's actually quite maddening sitting through their conversations .  we want to know what's going on ,  and instead they just talk and talk and talk  ( about nothing )  .   plot holes are abundant here .  the house these girls stay at when they get in their car accident is apparently three miles from anywhere .  .  . wow ,  three miles !  a two hour or less walk will kill them .  why didn't they get a ride with the worker for this household who was driving into town ?  did he have a one seater ?  how come these girls never question leaving and just willingly stay ,  rarely even checking up on each other ?  why did this have to have so many dumb twists ?  maybe the answers are in the boring script .   having a slasher film with five characters is really a bad idea .  it's not thrilling ,  it's not scary ,  and the ending is definitely out there ,  but undoubtedly dumb .   my rating :  * 1/2 out of **** .  79 mins .  r for nudity and violence . 
unhinged was part of the video nasty censorship film selection that the uk built up in the 80's .  keeps the gory stuff out of the hands of children ,  don't you know !  it must have left many wondering what the fuss was all about .  by today's standard ,  unhinged is a tame little fairy tale .   3 girls are off to a jazz concert .  .  .  and right away ,  you know the body count is going to be quite low .  they get lost in the woods ,  & wind up getting in a car accident that looks so fake it's laughable .  they are picked up by some nearby residents that live in the woods in a creepy house .  one of the girls is seriously injured and has to stay upstairs .  then there's talking .  talking about why the girls are here ,  and how they must be to dinner on time because mother doesn't like it when someone is late .  and more talking .  yakkity yak .  some suspense is built as a crazy guy is walking around and harassing the girls ,  and someone's eyeball is looking through holes in the walls at the pretty girls in something that looks like hitchcock's psycho .  i digress because there is so much blah blah in this film ,  that you wonder when the killings are going to start .  in fact ,  one of the girls gets so bored out of her mind that she walks in the woods ,  alone ,  looking for the town .  smart move .  she probably knew about the lonely virgin walking alone in the woods part ,  but just didn't care .  more talk continues after this as we wait ,  wait ,  and wait some more until the next girl may or may not be killed .   and then there's the twist ending .  the  " expected "  unexpected for some viewers ,  for others a real gotcha .  quite possibly the only reason why someone would really want to watch this .  i don't care how twisted it is ,  nothing in this movie makes up for the most boring time i had watching it .  even with the minor impact of the ending ,  the director just didn't have what it takes to really deliver a good story with it .  it would have made a much better 30 minute - 1 hour tv episode on say ,  tales from the darkside .   if you really must get this for any reason ,  perhaps just to say you've watched every slasher movie ,  do yourself a favor and have the fast-forward button ready .  since the movie has so many unimportant scenes ,  just zoom through them ,  and in no time ,  you'll get to the  " wow ,  that's what it was all this time "  ending .  oh and halfway through the movie there's a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo-bees .  horray for boo-bees .  those beautiful buzzing honey-making boo-bees . 
this movie was banned in england ?  why ?  tom savini ,  george romero ,  dario argento ,  lucio fulci and others had done far worse before and have continued to so since .  .  .   this movie has all the basic elements of a decent 70s or early 80's horror film .  good looking girls  ( who can't act to save their lives ,  by the way )  ,  a terrible lightning storm with a torrential downpour ,  a scythe ,  a crazy brother wandering around the family estate ,  and actually a pretty damn good twist at the end .  but banned ?  seriously .  when the english parliament banned this movie ,  the italians probably laughed their collective asses off at how backwards and prudish the brits really were .   there was maybe two minutes of total screen time devoted to the violence and gore  ( which was greatly underdone )  .  there was nudity but no sex although allusions to sex were made ,  obviously .  but absolutely nothing worthy of being banned .   i would like to see what could have been done if the filmmakers had a decent budget to work with .  as it stands ,  the film is entertaining ,  but the lack of picture and sound quality take away from the end result .   banned .  .  .  what a joke .  .  . 
i tried to like this slasher ,  like i try to enjoy all slasher films .  i mean mindless slaying mixed with a little nudity and some suspense ,  how can you go wrong .  but unhinged i think is an example of that formula going wrong .  the main issue is the horrible acting of the main three girls that landed up in the house .  it was as if they were under sedation ,  and it stopped me from ever getting interested in their plight .  the film aims for suspense and creepiness but the by the numbers direction saps it of those ,  and leaves the movie pretty dull .  it's a shame ,  because if the movie was better executed ,  it would have have been ace .  the story and characters are pretty creepy and there are some dark and bizarrely humorous moments of interaction between the mother ,  the girls ,  and the daughter in the old house .  there's some good nudity ,  and occasional splashy bloodletting ,  just not enough to give the film the kick it needed .  the finale is pretty twisted and fearsome ,  and does give the film a big lift but sadly ,  its too little too late .  so ,  in my opinion ,  one to avoid ,  unless you really love obscure slasher films .  there's a fair amount of potential ,  but the film delivers too little to be worthwhile . 
if one sits down to watch unhinged ,  it is probably because its advertisements ,  video boxes ,  whatever ,  scream that it was banned in the uk for over 20 years  ( as virtually every video nasty does )  .  it's true ;  exploitation and taboo excites people and draws them in with their promise of controversy .  being an exploitation fan ,  however ,  none of this was new to me .  the advertisements that scream that the film was banned in the uk don't necessarily make me want to watch it ;  in fact ,  the first thing that usually pops into my head is how disgustingly paranoid british censors are .  how i came to viewing this then is simple :  it promised gore and it was only $6 . 99 .  the price alone alerted me not to have any hopes of this being the next halloween ,  but a cheap padding of your dvd collection never hurts .  i did force myself ,  however ,  to watch it all in one sitting ,  because i find that deciding to save the rest for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it .  so anyway ,  after 90 minutes of unhinged ,  i found that i had come across the cheapest sleeping aid in existence .  i think the distributors could make a fortune if they simply changed their marketing technique .   the layout of unhinged is of any common slasher from the 80s .  there's unnecessary shower scenes and exploitative gore .  that's about it .  anyway ,  it starts with a group of three attractive co-eds crashing their car on the way to a concert .  though two of them  ( terry and nancy )  are okay ,  one  ( gloria )  is severely injured and is out of commission for the rest of the movie .  they are rescued and receive shelter at a mansion  ( that happens to have no phone ,  of course )  with rather strange occupants :  marion is a middle-aged woman with a man-hating mother who constantly accuses marion of sneaking men into the house in order to sleep with them  ( echoes of psycho ?  )  .  she also happens to have a crazy brother carl who lives in the woods ,  because her mother's hatred for men is so intense that she refuses to let him stay in the house .  after hanging with marion for awhile ,  terry  ( our  " hero "  )  and nancy decide they must contact their parents .  despite everyone's warnings ,  nancy braves the dangerous woods to make it to a phone  ( her fate is not hard to predict )  .  after that ,  we see gloria again ,  who is then promptly butchered with an ax .  when terry discovers that gloria has disappeared from her room ,  she decides something isn't right with this picture and sets out to find her missing friends .  that may be easier said than done ,  however ,  with crazy carl lurking around   after viewing unhinged ,  i read an overwhelming number of reviews declaring that unhinged worked perfectly because it took its time to build its subject matter that created real tension by the time the moment of truth comes at the end .  normally ,  i do not drag other people's opinions into my reviews  ( especially when they contradict my views )  ,  but in this case ,  i was so puzzled by their reactions that i thought it would be relevant to mention .  this is because in actuality ,  the film crawls .  normally for the slow-building tactic to work ,  the audience must have a strong sense that the characters are in danger .  oh sure ,  we see two of them get murdered ,  but between that are endless scenes of conversation and boredom .  we are aware that there's a killer on the loose ,  but this is only focused on three times in the film ;  that means there's no reason to fear for the victims .  instead ,  the film's events are explained not by the actions of the characters ,  but are drawn out for us by perpetual talking .  if there's one thing i can assure you from watching this ,  it's that scenes of characters merely conversing with each other for 75 minutes are very tedious .  none of this is helped by the atrocious acting .  it seems that this was another case of the director needing actors and decided to gather his friends around instead of finding anyone with experience .   of course ,  i'd be a liar if i said there wasn't one part of the movie that i enjoyed .  specifically ,  the ending was one of the best i've ever seen in a slasher film ;  you just do not expect that to happen .  just knowing that the director had the balls to do something like that is spectacular .  ah ,  i won't spoil it for you ,  nor will i say that the ending completely makes up for the rest of the slow-moving film ,  but it definitely will get your attention .  other than that ,  the other two murder scenes bring at least some faster paced material ,  but it's not like you couldn't tell exactly who was going to die fifteen minutes into the film .  anyone looking for a bloodbath will be disappointed ,  however ;  those are the only scenes of gore present .  that and ,  of course ,  no one scene can save an entire movie .  i normally preach the doctrine that as long as there's action ,  the worse a movie is ,  the better it gets .  unhinged only grasps one part of this concept .  the whole film just feels luke-warm ;  there's potential alright ,  but the director either wasn't experienced enough to make it work or just didn't know what the hell he was doing . 
there's only one thing i'm going to say about cat in the hat .  .  . as a kids movie and a good comedy movie it sucks .  .  . i lost track of how many terrible jokes in the movie that not only sucked but weren't exactly kid appropriate .  oh and by the way the way the cat in the hat talked was annoying .  .  . as for the plot i completely forgot .  who cares it sucked anyway .  i'm not sure why mike myers joined but i think the writers were trying to make it sound like him in austin powers without the swinger talk and it overly succeeded- but so what it was annoying .  don't see it-it belongs in the bottom 100 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  the jokes are so unkiddy it's funny
take one look at the cover of this movie ,  and you know right away that you are not about to watch a landmark film .  this is cheese filmmaking in every respect ,  but it does have its moments .  despite the look of utter trash that the movie gives ,  the story is actually interesting at some points ,  although it is undeniably pulled along mainly by the cheerleading squads' shower scenes and sex scenes with numerous personality-free boyfriends .  the acting is awful and the director did little more than point and shoot ,  which is why the extensive amount of nudity was needed to keep the audience's attention .   in the nutty professor ,  a hopelessly geeky professor discovers a potion that can turn him into a cool and stylish womanizer ,  whereas in the invisible maniac ,  a mentally damaged professor discovers a potion that can make him invisible ,  allowing him to spy on  ( and kill ,  for some reason )  his students .  boring fodder .  don't expect any kind of mental stimulation from this ,  and prepare yourself for shrill and enormously overdone maniacal laughter which gets real annoying real quick .  .  . 
shame shame shame on ua/dw for what you do !    i was appalled .    do not take kids to see this movie .  the humor is totally inappropriate for children - plus they'll be bored and disappointed .  certainly *we all* have read theo's wonderful children book and certainly we have expectations .  .  . but this is pure trash .  dr .  seuss would be ashamed and certainly would've never given his  " thumbs up "  at such a dastardly attempt to capitalize on a classic .   what a pity .    spend your money on the book .  if you own a copy ,  then buy the book and donate it to a toys for tots program .  this movie is not worth a  " free "  ticket viewing .   stick with the book .  the tv cartoon version works well if you want a visual portrayal - save your money .  .  . seriously .  save your money - it will be on cable by saint patty's day .   shame shame shame on what they do !  ! 
an absolutely atrocious adaptation of the wonderful children's book .  crude and inappropriate humor ,  some scary parts ,  and a sickening side story about the mom's boyfriend wanting to send the boy away to military school to get him out of the way makes this totally inappropriate for the kids who will most likely want to see it because of the book  ( 3-8 )  yr olds .  don't waste your money ,  your time ,  or your good judgement . 
most movies i can sit through easily ,  even if i do not particularly like the movie .  i am the type of person who recognizes great films even if i do not like the genre .  this is the first movie i could not stand to watch .  cat in the hat is the worst movie i have ever seen--and i've seen a lot of movies .  the acting is okay  ( myers is good as the cat ,  it's just that he is really annoying )  .  the silly songs the cat sings were boring and monotonous ,  even for the children in the audience .  the plot drags on and on ,  and viewers must suffer through poor dialogue .  the  " witty "  parental remarks are disgusting ,  not funny  ( i remember some awful comment about a garden hoe being compared to ,  well ,  a type of person people call a  " ho "  )  .  even though the movie is really short ,  it seemed to last forever .  do not waste your time .  i know small kids who hated this movie .  if children can't stand it ,  i do not know how any adults can .  i would like to fume more about this film but i do not even feel like wasting anymore time writing this review about it .  i hated it !  so ,  in summary ,  do not spend 90 minutes of your life watching this !  see a good movie !   1/10 stars--the lowest review i have ever given a movie . 
no redeeming features ,  this film is rubbish .  its jokes don't begin to be funny .  the humour for children is pathetic ,  and the attempts to appeal to adults just add a tacky smuttishness to the whole miserable package .  sitting through it with my children just made me uncomfortable about what might be coming next .  i couldn't enjoy the film at all .  although my child for whom the dvd was bought enjoyed the fact that she owned a new dvd ,  neither she nor her sisters expressed much interest in seeing it again ,  unlike with monsters inc ,  finding nemo ,  jungle book ,  lion king ,  etc .  which all get frequent requests for replays . 
dr .  seuss would sure be mad right now if he was alive .  cat in the hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a mindless pile of goop .  we have mike myers as the infamous cat in the hat ,  big mistake !  myers proves he can't act in this film .  he acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve .  the kids in this movie are all right ,  somewhere in between the lines of dull and annoying .  the story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks and like most movies based on other stories ,  never tweak with the original story !  bringing in the evil neighbor quin was a bad idea .  he is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life . this movie is like a rejected comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it .  the film sure does look tacky !  sure there are a funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word ,  mildly funny .  at least the grinch had spunk ,  and the film was actually good !  this film is a cartoonish piece of snot with bright colors and bad mediocre acting .  was mike myers even in this movie actually ?  and another thing ,  the fish .  what is with that stupid fish !  first time you see him ,  he's an actual fish .  next time you see him ,  he's all animated and talking .  but he looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough !  this film is a total off target wreck .  good joke ,  bad joke ,  bad ,  bad ,  bad ,  good joke !  i'm surprised it even had good jokes like the water park ride joke ,  that was good .  so please if you have the choice ,  watch the grinch instead of this mess . 
spend your time any other way ,  even housework is better than this movie .  the jokes aren't funny ,  the fun rhymes that are dr .  seus aren't there .  a very lousy way to waste an evening .  my kids 4-16 laughed a little at the beginning the younger ones got bored with it and left to play barbies and the older ones left to play ps2 and surf the net .  my wife left and did dishes .  so i finished it alone .  it was the worst  " kids "  movie i have seen .  if you want to watch a fun kids movie watch shrek 2 ,  that movie is fun for kids and their parents .  avoid this movie .  it isn't funny ,  isn't cute ,  the cat's makeup is about the only good thing in it and you can see that on the disc label . 
i've seen some bad things in my time .  a half dead cow trying to get out of waist high mud ;  a head on collision between two cars ;  a thousand plates smashing on a kitchen floor ;  human beings living like animals .   but never in my life have i seen anything as bad as the cat in the hat .   this film is worse than 911 ,  worse than hitler ,  worse than vllad the impaler ,  worse than people who put kittens in microwaves .   it is the most disturbing film of all time ,  easy .   i used to think it was a joke ,  some elaborate joke and that mike myers was maybe a high cocaine sniffing drug addled betting junkie who lost a bet or something .   i shudder
i was so looking forward to seeing this when it was in production . but it turned out to be the the biggest let down .  a far cry from the whimsical world of dr seuss .  it was vulgar and distasteful i don't think dr seuss would have approved . how the grinch stole christmas was much better .  i understand it had some subtle adult jokes in it but my children have yet to catch on .  whereas the cat in the hat screamed vulgarity they caught a lot more than i would have liked . growing up with dr seuss it really bothered me to see how this timeless classic got trashed on the big screen  . lets see what they do with horton hears a who . i hope this one does dr seuss some justice . 
the invisible maniac starts as a young kevin dornwinkle  ( kris russell )  is caught by his strict mother  ( marilyn adams )  watching a girl  ( tracy walker )  strip through his telescope .  .  .  cut to 'twenty years later' & kevin dornwinkle  ( noel peters )  is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to turn things invisible using a 'mollecular reconstruction' serum .  however during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientists it fails & they all laugh at him ,  dornwinkle goes mad kills a few of them & is locked away in a mental institute from which he escapes .  jump forward 'two weeks later' & a group of summer college students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when the headmistress mrs .  cello  ( stephanie blake as stella blalack )  says that she has hired a replacement ,  yes you've guessed it it's dornwinkle .  the student don't take to him & treat him like dirt ,  however dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum & uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual urges & his desire for revenge .  .  .   co-written & directed by adam rifkin wisely hiding under the pseudonym rif coogan  ( i wouldn't want my name to be associated with this turd of a film either )  the invisible maniac is real bottom of the barrel stuff .  the script by rifkin ,  sorry coogan & tony markes is awful .  it tries to be a teenage sex/comedy/horror hybrid that just fails in every department .  for a start the sex is nothing more than a few female shower scenes & a few boob shots ,  not much else i'm afraid & the birds in the invisible maniac aren't even that good looking .  the comedy is lame & every joke misses by the proverbial mile ,  this is the kind of film that thinks someone fighting an invisible man or having henry  ( jason logan )  a mute man trying to make a phone call is funny .  the invisible maniac makes the police academy  ( 1984 - 1994 )  series of films look like the pinnacle of sophistication !  as for the horror aspect that too is lame .  it's also an incredibly slow  ( it takes over half an hour before dornwinkles even becomes invisible )  ,  dull ,  predictable ,  boring & has highly annoying & unlikable teenage character's .   director rifkin or coogan or whatever does absolutely nothing to try & make the invisible maniac an even slightly enjoyable experience .  there's no scares ,  tension or atmosphere & as a whole the film is a real chore to sit through .  he does nothing with the invisibility angle ,  just a few doors opening on their own is as adventurous as it gets .  there is very little gore or violence ,  a bit of splashing blood ,  a few strangulations & the only decent bit in the whole film when someone has their head blown off with a shotgun ,  unfortunately he was invisible at the time & we only get to see the headless torso afterwards .   the budget must have been low ,  & i mean really low because this is one seriously cheap looking film .  dornwinkles laboratory is basically two jars on his bedside cabinet !  when he escapes from the mental institution he has all of one dog sent after him & the entire school has about a dozen pupils & two teachers .  the invisible maniac is a poorly made film throughout it's 85 minute duration ,  i spotted the boom mike on at least one occasion .  .  .  lets just say the acting is of a low standard & leave it at that .   the invisible maniac is crap ,  plain & simple .  i found no redeeming features in it at all ,  there are so many more better films out there you can watch so there is no reason whatsoever to waste your time on this rubbish .  definitely one to avoid . 
holy cow ,  what a piece of sh*t this movie is .  i didn't how these filmmakers could take a 250 word book and turn it into a movie .  i guess they didn't know either !  i don't remember any farting or belching in the book ,  do you ?   they took this all times childrens classic ,  added some farting ,  belching and sexual inuindo ,  and prostituted it into a kaka joke .  this should give you a good idea of what these hollywood producers think like .  i have to say ,  visually it was interesting ,  but the brilliant visual story is ruined by toilet humor  ( if you even think that kind of thing is funny )  i don't want the kids that i know to think it is .   don't take your kids to see ,  don't rent the dvd .  i hope the ghost of doctor suess ghost comes and haunts the people that made this movie . 
when my own child is begging me to leave the opening show of this film ,  i know it is bad .  i wanted to claw my eyes out .  i wanted to reach through the screen and slap mike myers for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had .  this is one of the few films in my life i have watched and immediately wished to  " unwatch "  ,  if only it were possible .  the other films being 'troll 2' and 'fast and furious' ,  both which are better than this crap in the hat .   i may drink myself to sleep tonight in a vain attempt to forget i ever witnessed this blasphemy on the good seuss name .   to mike myers ,  i say stick with austin or even resurrect waynes world .  just because it worked for jim carrey ,  doesn't mean seuss is a success for all canadians .   
well i guess i know the answer to that question .  for the money !  we have been so bombarded with cat in the hat advertising and merchandise that we almost believe there has to be something good about this movie .  i admit ,  i thought the trailers looked bad ,  but i still had to give it a chance .  well i should have went with my instincts .  it was a complete piece hollywood trash .  once again proving that the average person can be programed into believing anything they say is good ,  must be good .  aside from the insulting fact that the film is only about 80 minutes long ,  it obviously started with a moth eaten script .  it's chock full of failed attempts at senseless humor ,  and awful pastel sceneries .  it jumps all over the universe with no destination nor direction .  this is then compounded with ,   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . yes i'll say it ,  bad acting !  i couldn't help but feel like i was watching  " coffee talk "  on snl every time mike myers opened his mouth .  was the cat intended to be a middle aged jewish woman ?  spencer breslin and dakota fanning were no prize either ,  but mr .  myers should disappear under a rock somewhere until he's ready to make another austin powers movie .  f- ,  no stars ,  0 on a scale of 1-10 .  save your money ! 
the sun was not shining ,  it was too wet to play ,  so i went to the movies ,  that cold ,  cold ,  wet date day .    " the cat in the hat "  was the name of the flick ,  and when it was over ,  my stomach was sick .   mike myers played the cat ,  his humor was lame ,  and kids needn't see this ,  the humor was not tame .   the film was like drinking milk ,  from a rabid cow ,  so it is fun to have fun ,  yet the filmmakers didn't know how .   this film ,  in short is atrocious .  the acting was bad ,  the plot was tweaked too much ,  and the humor was surprisingly very crude .   it starts with conrad and sally ,  a rule breaker and a future sheriff .  when their mother has to go to work ,  she gets mrs .  kwan to babysit .  possibly the lone funny part in the movie is when mrs .  kwan is watching a taiwanese court room ,  a `la c-span .  she soon falls asleep ,  and here comes the cat .   the film starts to spiral out of control .  the cat came to try to let the kids have some fun .  he's got thing 1 and thing 2 ,  who suddenly start trashing the house .  he improvises a tv infomercial ,  and accidentally slices his tail off .  and when the cat goes full carmen miranda ,  it's not funny .  possibly his only funny disguise is as a hippie activist .  and there's a fish who tries warning the kids about the cat .   too bad he didn't warn us this film was as much fun as sour milk ,  or chopping your tail off .   soon the kids are outside looking for the family dog ,  who has the key to a crate on his collar .  if the crate is not locked soon ,  their house will be home to the cat's universe .  here it gets a little more interesting ,  but not enough to save the film .   the acting ,  overall ,  is horrible .  mike meyers brings his brand of irreverent austin powers humor to the cat ,  saying things like  " you dirty ho "  and imagining himself as a woman for the rest of his life after a whack in the testicles while posing as a pinata .  spencer breslin is great as the trouble-making conrad ,  and dakota fanning is cute as sally ,  though they alone are not enough to save this horrendous aortic dissection waiting to kill john ritter ( accident waiting to happen )  .  alec baldwin's slick and slimey lawrence quinn is disgusting ,  ever trying to woo the kids mom ,  who is played by kelly preston .  and sean hayes is mr .  humberfloob ,  mom's boss ,  and is also the voice of the fish .  the latter three are also bland .   overall ,  if i were a parent i would not take my kids who are into potty humor ,  cause there's plenty of it and more .  save your $7 . 00 and see something else .  as the late great dr .  seuss once said ,   it is fun to have fun ,  but you have to know how .  really ,  universal ,  stop !  theodore's already turning over in his grave .   like my mom always says ,   " curiousity killed the cat "  . - the cat in the hat * out of *****
just about everything in this movie is wrong ,  wrong ,  wrong .  take mike myers ,  for example .  he's reached the point where you realize that his shtick hasn't changed since his snl days ,  over ten years ago .  he's doing the same cutesy stream-of-consciousness jokes and the same voices .  his cat is painfully unfunny .  he tries way to hard .  he's some weird type a comedian ,  not the cool cat he's supposed to be .  the rest of the movie is just as bad .  the sets are unbelievably ugly --- and clearly a waste of millions of dollars .   ( cardboard cut-outs for the background buildings would have made more sense than constructing an entire neighborhood and main street .  )  alec balwin tries to do a funny great santini impression ,  but he ends up looking and sounding incoherent .  there's even an innapropriate cheesecake moment with faux celebrity paris hilton --- that sticks in the mind simply because this is supposed to be a dr .  seuss story .  avoid this movie at all costs ,  folks .  it's not even an interesting train wreck .   ( i hope they'll make horton hears a who with robin williams .  then we'll have the bad-seuss movie-starring-spasitc- comedian trilogy .  ) 
there are plenty of comments already posted saying exactly how i felt about this film so ill keep it short .    " the grinch "  i thought was marvellous - jim carrey is a truly talented ,  physical comedian as well as being a versatile clever actor  ( in my opinion )  .  mike myers on the other hand gets his laughs by being annoying .  i used to like him very much in his  " waynes world "  and  " so i married an axe murderer "  days - but ive never been fond of austin powers and  " the cat in the hat "  has just finished me off .    this film was horrible - the gags were horrible !  inappropriate for children not only in adult content but in the fact that some of them were so dated they havent amused anyone for 50 years !  the plot was messy ,  messy ,  messy !  its a shame really because the children were very likeable as was  " mom "  .  they probably could have picked a better villain than alec baldwin - but he could have pulled it off if it weren't for myers ugly ,  revolting over-acted portrayal of the cat .   i mean - did myers even glance at a script ?  was one written ?  the other actors seemed to have one - but the cat just seemed to be winging it !   on the other hand i would like to mention that the sets and props were marvellous !  !  !  but unfortunately they cant save this film .   poor dr seuss - the man was a genius !  dont ruin his reputation by adapting his work in a such a lazy ,  messy way !  !  !   1/10
bad .  bad .  bad .  those three lines sum up this crappy little film that can only attract idiot children and their parents to the cinema .  and its .  .  .  #1 movie in america !  what is this country thinking ?  mike myers looking more like micheal jackson .  some chineese lady that falls asleep within 3 minutes .  a lame plot with dirty jokes .  it's grotesuque and awful .  when green-eggs and ham comes out in 2005 i'll be so happy !   ( not )  eddie murphy and tracy morgan will probably play two hipsters trying to find the lost green-eggs and ham .  they'll try to chase sam-i-am and that mean guy who are running away with it .   ( i hope they don't ruin the classic book .  )  don't waste time and money by seeing this . 
this movie has made me upset !  when i think of cat in the hat .  im thinking of cat in the hat books .  you know ,  the one from a few years back that parents read to thier children .  well ,  i though that this movie would be a lot like that !  but much to my suprise was nothing like the books !  insted it is more like young adult humor movie .  in one part cat is talking to a gardening tool  ( hoe )  cat talks to it like it is his hoe  ( agin adult humor )  .  the naming of his car i all so though was a little untastful for a kids movie .  under the rating you'll find :  mild cude humor and some double-entendres .  i think in short this means adult humor .  i wish i could return this movie !  wal-mart said they wouldn't because the movie has been opened .  if you are thinking about buying this i suggest that maybe rent before you buy . 
the cat in the hat is just a slap in the face film .  mike myers as the cat in the hat is downright not funny and mike myers could not have been any worse .  this is his worst film he has ever been in .  the acting and the story was just terrible .  i mean how could they make the most beloved stories by dr .  seuss be made into film and being one of the worst films of all-time and such a disappointment .  i couldn't have seen a more worst film than this besides ,  maybe baby geniuses .  but this film is just so bad i can't even describe how badly they made this film .  bo welch should be fired or the writer should .    hedeen's outlook :  0/10 no stars f
why is this show so popular ?  it's beyond me why people like it .  i think it's one of the worst sitcoms out there .    because it's so popular ,  i've tried more than once to watch it and i can't make it through an entire episode .   for one thing ,  the acting is horrible .  everybody is overacting to the point where it's annoying to watch .  they talk in unnatural voices ,  use unnatural tones ,  and have unnatural body language .  i've seen better acting in a kindergarten school play .   for another thing ,  it's not funny .  the plots are dull .  they're not creative ,  intelligent ,  or funny .  shouldn't a sitcom be funny ?  ?  why am i not laughing ?   lastly ,  what is seventies about this ?  it's about as authentic to the seventies as  " happy days "  was to the fifties .   oh and what is up with ashton kutcher ?  who cast this untalented dweeb ?  and now he's making movies ?  ?  oh ,  save us all !   if people think this is quality television ,  it worries me . 
inappropriate .  the pg rating that this movie gets is yet another huge misstep by the mpaa .  whale rider gets a pg-13 but this movie gets a pg ?  please .  parents don't be fooled ,  taking an elementary school child to this movie is a huge mistake .  there were numerous times i found myself being uncomfortable not just because the humor was inappropriate for kids ,  but also because it was totally out of the blue and unnecessary .   but all that aside ,  the cat in the hat is still a terrible movie .  the casting and overall look of the movie are the only saving graces .  the beautiful kelly preston and the always likeable  ( or hateable in this case )  alec baldwin are both good in their roles even though preston is almost too beautiful for a role like this .  the kids are conditioned actors and it shows ,  especially with dakota fanning .  fanning is the only human aspect of the film that kept me watching and not throwing things at the screen .   did i mention there was an oversized talking cat in this movie ?  mike myers is absolutely deplorable .  i didn't like him as the voice of shrek ,  and i truly believe now that myers should not be allowed near the realm of children's films ever again .  his portrayal of the cat is a slightly toned down version of fat bastard and austin powers .   in the end ,  the cat should not have come ,  he should have stayed away ,  but he came ,  even if just for a day ,  he ruined 82 minutes of my life ,  82 minutes of personal anger and strife .   the cat in the hat may be the worst kids movie ever . 
mean spirited ,  and down right degrading adaptation to the classic children's tale not only lacks the charm of its forefather but lacks any talent what so ever .  mike myers should not only be ashamed of himself for his horrible performance that is a clear rip off of what jim carrey did but he should give up acting all together .  he is so annoying that you would want to beat the crap out of him if you were able to jump right in the film .  the sets are ugly and the cinematography is very poor .  i have seen a lot of bad film this year ,  but this not only takes the cake but it is with out a doubt one the worse films ever made . 
well the previews looked funny and i usually don't go to movies on opening night especially with my kids because  .  .  .  .  .  . well you never know .  here is a movie that doesn't appeal either to children or adults as the jokes are too perverse for children and falls completely flat for entertainment purposes for adults .  i was actually embarrassed to be with my 9 and 6 year old and having to explain to my 6 year old what s h * t spells .  essentially what happens here is a total twisting of dr .  seuss's classic .  it adds an evil and lazy neighbor who wants to marry the children's mother for her money .  if that was a subplot ,  then maybe that would have been fine but it ends up being the major plot around the whole movie and  " the cat "  plays more of a subplot role in exposing the neighbor to the mom for who he really is .  take my advice and read the book and pass on the movie . 
from the acting ,  direction ,  scriptwriting and art direction this film is just entirely ill conceived and the money would have been better spent on shoes for land mine victims .  when did we get so sad that they have to fill a a children's movie with sexual innuendo to keep the parents attention .   dr suess is rolling in his grave right now ,  what with the  " dirty ho "   " s . h . i . t "  and fake erection scenes etc etc etc .  its shameful how they trade on the name of suess to get the parents to bring their kids ,  throw in the profanities to try for the teens and a few sad parents who won't watch a a film with their child if there is no t & a .  greed greed and more greed .   compare this to the classic children's films and we can get a disturbing view of world is turning into .  these guys should stick to making mtv videos .  how on earth this movie got >400 votes as a perfect 10 is beyond me .   ( unless its the directors family ) 
this movie was physically painful to sit through ,  maybe because  ( like many people my age ,  and younger )  i grew up with dr .  seuss and loved his books - funny ,  clever ,  whimsical and subversive at the same time .   " the cat in the hat "  sucks all of the interest and spark out of the story ,  and mike myer's performance as the cat is mostly bewildering .  why the borscht belt accent ,  the unfunny patter ,  the inappropriate jokes ,  the charmless costume ?  i had to go back and re-read the books to see the real problem :  the books are simple .  this movie is overblown and way ,  way too long .   you don't expect every kids' movie to be toy story or the iron giant ,  but this one set a new low .  how could mike myers need the money ? 
if you liked the grinch movie .  .  .  go watch that again ,  because this was no where near as good a seussian movie translation .  mike myers' cat is probably the most annoying character to  " grace "  the screen in recent times .  his voice/accent is terrible and he laughs at his own jokes with an awful weasing sound ,  which is about the only laughing i heard at the theater .  not even the kids liked this one folks ,  and kids laugh at anything now .  save your money and go see looney tunes :  back in action if you're really looking for a fun holiday family movie . 
the only good thing about this unfunny dreck is that i didn't have to pay for it .  i saw it for free at college .  and if a college student can't find humor in something that was free ,  it's hopeless .   stale acting and poor jokes cannot be masked by an excellent ,  yet bewildering set design  ( that goes out of its way to market volkswagon beetles )  .  i don't know what michaels myers was doing in this movie ,  but i have never seen anything more depressing .  this was nothing more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the grinch  ( which has its opponents ,  but i enjoyed it very much )  .  it's difficult not to sit through this failure and wonder what better projects were passed over to fund it .   you want a funny seuss adaptation ?  go with the grinch . 
audrey ,  i know you truly cherish your husband ted's memory but please do his legacy justice and heed his wishes .  dr .  seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason .  we beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories ,  images ,  fantasies and characters .  they are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of hollywood and broadway .  the children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books .   it is indeed your property to do with as you wish .  i just wish you would listen to the advice of others for a little while .  save what is left of dr .  seuss .  thank you . 
film critics of the world ,  i apologize .  it is your job to give advice to the moviegoing public so that they can wisely choose what to spend money on .  but i ignored your advice and i have been deeply hurt .  however ,  my decision to see  " the cat in the hat "  wasn't made haphazardly .  you see ,  three years ago all of you critics said that we should all avoid the  " calamity "  known as  " how the grinch stole christmas "  .  then some friends of mine took me to see it and it turned out to be a colorful ,  funny and almost hypnotic yuletide treat .  so when the critics unleashed their fury against  " the cat in the hat "  ,  another big budget seuss update with a big name star in the title role ,  i thought that it must be the same old song .  how wrong i was .   for five whole minutes i thought i was in the clear .  the opening credits are clever ,  the kids are charming and the production values are top notch .  then the cat showed up .  there are many problems from this point on ,  but the biggest one was the woeful miscasting of mike myers .  where  " the grinch "  was saved by the inspired casting of jim carrey ,   " the cat "  was destroyed by myers .  he can be very funny when his energies are applied where they belong ,  comic sketches .  every movie he's made that was truly funny was really just a feature length comedy sketch ,  from  " wayne's world "  to  " austin powers "  .  so he tries to do the same thing here ,  it's just that these comedy sketches are more like the stuff that they stick at the end of snl ,  not funny ,  just painful .  not that the writers helped him out any .  after the charming prologue the movie turns into an hour of repulsive bodily humor gags ,  poorly timed pratfalls and insultingly stunted attempts at hip humor .  this movie was the most disheartening cinematic experience i have ever had .  period .  so much talent and work went into something so vile .  i know that the adult stars of this movie will be relatively unscathed by this mess ,  i just hope that the wonderful spencer breslin and dakota fanning will get more chances to show their charms in far better movies .  if you are a parent ,  please avoid this like the plague .  with movies like  " elf "  and  " brother bear "  currently in theaters ,  you have far better choices . 
don't get me wrong ,  i assumed this movie would be stupid ,  i honestly did ,  i gave it an incredibly low standard to meet .  the only reason i even saw it was because there were a bunch of girls going  ( different story for a different time )  .  as i began watching i noticed something ,  this film was terrible .  now there are two types of terrible ,  there's freddy vs .  jason terrible ,  where you and your friends sit back and laugh and joke about how terrible it is ,  and then there is a movie like this .  the cat in the hat failed to create even a momentary interest in me .  as i watched the first bit of it not only was i bored senseless ,  but i felt as though i had in some way been violated by the horrendousness of said movie .  mike myers is usually brilliant ,  i love the majority of his work ,  but something in this movie didn't click .  one of the things that the director/producers/writers/whatevers changed was that they refused to use any of the colors of the original book  ( red ,  black ,  white )  on any character but the cat .  coincidentally or not ,  they also refused to capture any of the original  ( and i hate to use this word ,  but it fits )  zaniness of the original .  the book was like an ice cream sunday ,  colorful and delicious ,  and the movie was about as bland and hard to swallow as sawdust .   avoid this like a leprous prostitute . 
there is no way to avoid a comparison between the cat in the hat and the grinch who stole christmas ,  so let's get that part out of the way .  first of all ,  let me start by saying that i think grinch was an underrated and unappreciated film .  cat was .  .  .  well ,  just awful .   jim carey was cast because he is a brilliant physical comedian ,  and fearlessly commits to over the top ,  outrageous characters .  mike myers fell back on his old bag of tricks .   why ,  why ,  why mike myers ?  ?  the kids could care less ,  and the austin powers demographic isn't going to spy this film .  so ,  what was the studio thinking ?   the cat was also apparently related to linda richmond .  can we talk ?  why a new york accent ?  not entirely consistent with anything dr .  seuss has ever written .  myers was even allowed to sneak in his scottish shtick .  i wonder how many different voices the director and the studio tried to edit out of before they just gave in and said  " as long as you don't say fahklempt' ,  you can keep the accents .  "  meyers never seemed to find any sort of comfort ,  either with the costume ,  make-up ,  or dialogue .   the jokes ,  what few there were ,  were crude and age inappropriate .  when myers picks up a garden hoe and delivers to the camera :   " dirty ho "  ,  everything but the rim shot was missing ,  and even that wouldn't have helped .   the same folks who created 'whoville' ,  clearly had a hand in the creation of the town and the houses in 'cat' .  the sets and props were very appealing ,  giving the viewer a much needed distraction from the bad writing ,  direction ,  and myers .   there was some fun to be had with alec baldwin and kelly preston .  dakota fanning was the only actor who seemed to be aware she was in a movie based on a dr .  seuss classic ,  and stayed true to the genre .   call the spca .  this cat should be neutered and never be allowed to reproduce again .  please ,  please ,  no sequel . 
as someone who lived through , and still remembers that decade vividly , if the actual '70s had been half this funny and  ( semi ) normal , they would have been so much more enjoyable . actual kids in that era did not act or behave anything close to as bright-eyed and normal as these kids did . the country's youth was still under the influence of the hippies and the drug culture all that '60s rebellion that it spawned , especially in the behavior department ; the petulance , the smugness , the self-righteousness , the childishness , the unreasonableness of them - none of the characters exhibit any of that .   someone compared to  " happy days "  , and i can see why : they were both sitcoms that take place 20 years before the current time they were broadcast , and they both offer only surface  , cliched depictions of the actual eras , not even close to the full scope of it , just showing the obvious things - the fashions , toys , music , contraptions , etc , and that's it . for those too young to remember , or weren't born then , trust me , the '70s weren't like that , any more than  " happy days "  were like the actual '50s , as  " m*a*s*h* "  didn't accurately portray life at a us army medical base during the korean war , etc . 
as a veteran of many ,  many pretentious french films i thought i'd taken the worst the industry had to offer and was able to stomach anything .  but not this .  pointless ,  relentless ,  violent ,  unpleasant ,  meaningless  .  .  .  the film has nothing to offer and is random hatred and aggression dressed up as pretentious art .  avoid at all costs . 
in modern day eastern europe life is hard and for young women prostitution is one of the only career options and one taken ,  reluctantly ,  by melania .  she attracts the attentions of an american ,  seymour ,  who becomes obsessed with her ,  paying more and more money for time with her until he eventually wants to buy her outright .  she has two pimps with differring emotional attachments to her and she is generally passed around like some piece of baggage with no feelings of her own .  however ,  we are in  " modern art-house cinema "  territory ,  so conventions like narrative structure ,  lighting the subject so it can be seen ,  camera techniques that add to rather than distract from the action and a vaguely consistent plot can all be abandoned .  much of the time i had no idea what was supposed to be happening and very rarely did i care .  people began leaving the screening almost before the last latecomers had arrived and i don't think i've ever seen so many people walk out .   images are important to the director - characters slowly emerge from or disappear into a dark screen ,  we get long lingering shots of nothing in particular and one sex scene takes place in infra-red .  in fact for such an unconventional film the sex scenes were remarkably ordinary ;  missionary positions between naked people in bed abounded and there were no drugs or related weirdness .  but perhaps these days being ordinary is unconventional .   on the whole ,  almost entirely without merit .   
beautifully photographed and ably acted ,  generally ,  but the writing is very slipshod .  there are scenes of such unbelievability that there is no joy in the watching .  the fact that the young lover has a twin brother ,  for instance ,  is so contrived that i groaned out loud .  and the  " emotion-light bulb connection "  seems gimmicky ,  too .   i don't know ,  though .  if you have a few glasses of wine and feel like relaxing with something pretty to look at with a few flaccid comedic scenes ,  this is a pretty good movie .  no major effort on the part of the viewer required .  but italian film ,  especially italian comedy ,  is usually much ,  much better than this . 
pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to hollywood to make it big .  was it his wife ?  his girlfriend ?  his would-be-girlfriend ?  her father ?  his butler ?  the newspaper guy ?  who knows ?  and who cares ?  the result of this is just a little underwhelming ,  and the actors here don't really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out .  why snake venom as a weapon ?  who knows ?  who cares ?  the music in this is alright ,  but there's little of it ,  and most of it is pretty  " let's get this over with "  this isn't worthy of your time .  there are better all-black casted movies out there . 
this had to be one of the most god awful wrestlemanias ever and is only saved by 2 matches .  the hardcore match between edge and mick foley ,  also vince mcmahon against shaun michaels .  the main event between cena and triple h was a complete washout and to be honest i nearly fell asleep it was so actionless ,  the casket match was not worthy of having the undertaker appear in it and the match between the boogie man and booker t was a complete joke .  if you are really a big fan of the wwe and have missed the early days of the wwf and the wrestlemanias 17 and 19 you'll probably love this .  but i found that this wrestlemania left a lot to be desired . 
if there was some weird inversed oscar academy awards festival this flick would win it all .  it has all the gods ,  excellent plot ,  extreme special effects coupled with extremely good acting skills and of course in every role there is a celebrity superstar .  well ,  this could be the scenario if the world was inversed ,  but it's not .  instead it's the worst horror flick ever made ,  not only bad actors that seem to read the scripts from a teleprinter with bad dyslexia ,  but also extremely low on special effects .  for example the devil costume  ( which by the way is a must-see )  ,  is something of the most hilarious i've ever seen .  whenever i saw that red-black so called monster on screen i couldn't hold my laugh back .  and to top of things it looked like the funny creature was transported by a conveyor-belt .   do not do the same mistake as i did .  checking imdb seeing that the movie was released in 2003 ,  had less than five votes and thinking :  - " well ,  it's worth a shot ,  can't be that bad "  .   yes it could .   i'm not even going to waste more words on this movie . 
this movie seemed like it was going to be better than it ended up being .  the cinematography is good ,  the acting seemed solid ,  the dialogue wasn't too stiff .  .  .  but then about twenty minutes in there's this long scene with a doctor who you know is actually a patient at the asylum pretending to be a doctor - and it just goes south from there .   on top of that ,  the demon is about the silliest looking hellspawn since the godzilla-looking thing in curse of the demon .  there's also some odd demon worshippers who wear masks that look like the exploding teens from the beginning of logan's run .   in the end ,  the cinematography couldn't save this movie .  despite some pretty solid performances by the actors ,  the story just doesn't go anywhere .  i think  " hellbored "  would have been a better title for this . 
i just watched this movie .  in one word :  sucky !  the story is bad ,  the acting is ,  if possible ,  even worse .  the movie has one or two nice moments ,  but thats it and having those two small good moments ,  doesn't make up for anything in between ,  before or after those moments .  a montrocity of a movie ,  not even worth watching on tv .  .  . 
james bishop  ( matt stasi )  goes to a `mental illness facility' for a medical residence assignment with dr .  mccort  ( bruce paynes )  .  there ,  he realizes that many interns are being killed by `the ripper' ,  who takes their souls to the devil ,  in a cult promoted by dr .  mccort .  this story is so absurd and imbecile that it is impossible to write a summary .  the dialogs are so ridiculous ,  specially when the character of helen ,  the blonde fiancé of james bishop arrives in the asylum ,  that it is almost unbelievable that a writer has had the courage to include them in a screenplay .  and what about the return of james to the hospital to bring the files of the dead patients ?  and the cast ,  composed of ham actors and actresses ?  honestly ,  i do not know what or who is the worst in this film :  the screenplay ,  the director or the cast .  the correct answer certainly is all of them .  i saw this flick on cable television ,  and i am astonished how can a producer spend money in such a garbage .  this horror movie becomes very funny considering the absurd of the plot .  my vote is three .   title  ( brazil )  :  `demônio'  ( `devil' ) 
don't even waste your time ,  let alone pay rental for this piece of dreck !  how it got made is beyond me .   ( i don't know why there's a minimum of 10 lines .  .  .  i've already summarized this trashy movie ,  but ,  oh well .  .  .  )  the acting was awful ,  like they all needed lessons .  the plot was weak ,  the ending .  .  .  feh !  i think the cinematography was the only thing that didn't totally suck .  .  .  well ,  maybe the sound was minimalistically ok .  the one good thing is ,  if they could make this movie ,  even make some money with it ,  there may be hope for any screenwriter with a real idea .  so ,  you-all take heart !  i guess the same holds true of actors .  .  .  if these people actually got paid ,  then you can ,  too ! 
i was fooled to rent this movie by its impressive cover .  alas .  it is easily one of the worst movies ever made .  judging by the acting of the film characters ,  it's more a comedy than a horror film .  no surprise why no one else has written comments on the imdb .  avoid it . 
i've tried to watch this show several times ,  but for a show called  " that '70s show ,  "  i don't find much apart from a few haircuts and the occasional reference to disco that actually evokes the '70s -- the decade in which i grew up .  of the episodes i have seen ,  most of the plots and jokes could be set in any time period .  take away the novelty of  ( supposedly )  being set in the '70s ,  and the show is neither interesting nor funny .   if you're looking for a show that more successfully represents the experience of youth in america in the '70s ,  in my humble opinion you can do no better than  " the wonder years .  " 
if i have to give this movie a score on a linear scale ,  then i have to give it a low score 3/10 .   but it was entertaining ,  and there are several good things to say about the movie .   the psychiatrist candidate james bishop is assigned to st .  andrews hospital for his resident ,  and is exited and eager to  " change the world "  .   from the beginning of the movie you know that the hospital is hiding an evil truth ,  but james thinks he can make a difference and doesn't recognise this evil .    the story builds fairly well ,  you know all the time that there is a truth in what the patients are telling about some resident evil ,  and wonder when and how james will discover this .  also when the break comes ,  james is in a way hunted by the evil ,  and you feel some suspense until  " the fight "  is over .   add an innocent beautiful girlfriend that arrives at the worst possible time and other standard horror elements ,  and you get the picture .   the character buildup is actually fairly good ,  you are introduced to most of the people that gets killed ,  some of them you  " get to know "  .   the film sets an unpleasant scene ,  this is also done fairly well .  there are mysteries that are unveiled - in an acceptable way .   the main character ,  james is very believable - the story about an eager student starting to work is good in this setting .   what kills this movie is :  * stupid special effects - a modern version of  " plan 9 from outer space " -type bad  ( the evil monster looks like a red scarecrow )  * some bad acting  ( or probably very few takes when filming )  - the main characters sometimes acts badly ,  and somtimes good .  * the sound is at times very cheap .   i kept thinking  " i could make a movie like this with my home video camera "  throughout the film . 
because others have gone to the trouble of summarizing the plot ,  i'd like to mention a few points about this film .  there may be spoilers here ;  i don't care enough to filter them out .   - given the film's low budget ,  the creature design was quite good .  it's actually nice to see a direct-to-video horror film that's not slathered with awful cgi .  unfortunately the digital film quality's quite grainy in places ,  and it's most noticeable in the well-lit white halls of the asylum .   - ridiculous lighting design plagues parts of this film ,  to say nothing of the variations in the passage of time .  i understand the director might have been trying to simulate dementia ,  but in order for this to be effective consistent time flow needed to be established .  as-is ,  it merely seems amateurish .   - plot twists were numerous but consistently predictable .  i neither had a doubt in my mind of the identity of the robed cultists ,  nor of the fact that some kind of lame evil-trumps-good development would surface at the end .   - this may seem like quibbling ,  but characters in this film reliably fail to employ any kind of common sense .  first of all ,  regulatory commissions would be all over a mental health center that unilaterally declared all patient and employee deaths cardiac arrest-induced .  why would the head psychiatrist also be capable of performing autopsies ?  why wasn't a plot point made of these impressive qualifications ,  or of his introduction to his odd choice of religion ?  what's the background ?  what's supposed to make us care about anyone in this ?  and just as importantly ,  who in their right mind would go through the introduction to the place ,  see everything that was so frighteningly wrong with it ,  and then conclude that it was still a fine place to pursue a residency ?  this film didn't even respect its characters enough to give their intelligence the benefit of the doubt .   bottom line :  see the wicker man instead . 
hellborn starts as a young psychiatric doctor named james bishop  ( matt stasi )  takes up his residency at st .  andrews insane asylum ,  or 'mental illness facility' as they like to call it there .  with nearly 600 patients bishop meets his boss dr .  mccort  ( bruce payne )  & is put to work ,  he gets ward 'a' where some seriously deranged & dangerous patients are held .  if that wasn't bad enough during his first round of visits bishop finds a dead body & has threatening sounding graffiti messages sprayed over his room .  bishop starts to hear stories from the patients about sinister goings-on at the asylum & soon finds out for himself the stories have more than a hint of truth about them .  .  .   known as asylum of the damned in the us this supernatural horror film was directed by philip j .  jones & i sort of liked it but in the end there were too many unsatisfying elements for me to totally enjoy it .  the script by matt mccombs takes itself pretty seriously & i quite liked the basic idea behind & some of it's ideas but there are a few things which work against it .  for a start the film is just too slow ,  the story is pretty good & doesn't give itself away too early but it takes an absolute age for it to get going & i was rapidly losing interest with each passing minute .  i also thought the so-called twist ending was far too predictable & the ending itself far too bland & forgettable .  it's a shame because i liked the story ,  the character's ,  the setting & some of the ideas but it's simply too slow & frankly dull to keep one entertained over it's 90 minute duration .  it's one of those films which i would like to recommend but in all honesty i can't .   director jones does a good job ,  this is actually a well lit & quite atmospheric film .  i wouldn't say there's anything scary here .  i'm not sure if hellborn was shot in a real insane asylum but if it wasn't they did a great job on the sets & the film looks pretty good overall .  unfortunately there is a real lack of gore or action ,  there are two hand-print shaped wounds & a severed tongue & that's it ,  absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or gore which has to go down as a disappointment .  depending on who you believe & which review you read the special effects are either the worst ever or very good ,  well as a devoted watcher of low budget horror i was very impressed with the effects especially the demon thing which looks mightily impressive & is a man in a suit type effect rather than a terrible cgi computer graphic although it's an impressive suit .  it all depends on your expectations i suppose .   technically the film is good ,  it looks nice enough & the lack of cgi computer effects is something i welcome .  the acting isn't great though ,  it certainly could have been better .   hellborn is a film that disappointed me ,  there were some good stuff about it but at the same time some terrible stuff which unfortunately outweighs the good .  i sort of liked parts of it but as a whole 90 minute viewing experience i'd find it totally impossible to recommend to anyone . 
the cast although nothing special ,  all do an ok job ,  the story seems like a good idea ,  the script is bearable and the end has quite a good twist ;  so what's wrong with it ?   for a start the special effects are really bad  ( if this was made in the 60's )  it might look ok but in 2003 there is just no excuse for visuals as poor as this .  it makes me laugh that the dvd cover claims very proudly 'from the special effects creator of jeepers creepers' .   secondly the direction is weak ,  this film just does not capture the essence of the story ,  a doctor feeding the hospital inmates souls to the devil  ( or demon type creature )  should be tense or frightening ;  it simply isn't .   all in all this is a pretty poor film ,  and although bearable and at times mildly entertaining ,  it is still probably best left alone .   a rather sad 4/10
i've seen some very terrible horror movies in my time ,  and while this isn't the worst of the bunch ,  it's certainly in the lower half .  the script starts off ok .  a young doctor goes to a hospital as an intern ,  hoping it will vault him to a better job for him and his future wife .  cute huh ?  the movie then heads straight into the toilet when you realize that something is killing patients .  turns out that there's a demon on the basement that's harvesting people's souls .  it's the job of the 1 doctor ,  1 nurse ,  and 1 security guard in the entire hospital staff to drag this mental patient downstairs ,  do a ritual that pretty much just involves cutting the tongue out ,  and then allowing the haunted house prop of a demon to come out and steal his soul through the magic of cheesy special effects .  at this point the movie gets so ridiculously stupid ,  i was begging for it to be over .  there was still an hour to go .  it looked like a half an hour  " tales from the crypt "  episode that somehow got stretched into an hour and a half crap-fest .  from tiny lister doing his best john coffey  ( the green mile )  impersonation to tracy scoggins playing the stereotypical frigid nurse ratchet ,  this movie fails in every possible level .  i gave this 2 stars for only two reason .  1 )  his fiancé is pretty hot ,  she eased the pain a little towards the end and 2 )  the movie actually looks ok ,  a lot better than the current trend of horror movies being made with wal-mart quality home cameras .   in the end ,  avoid this turd even if you have the blockbuster movie pass  ( which i do ,  and i still felt cheated )  .  as a bonus drinking game ,  you and your buddies take a shot every time matt stasi  ( dr .  james bishop )  shakes his head while talking .  you'll be drunk 15 minutes into the movie . 
in theory ,  films should be a form of entertainment .  while this excludes documentaries and other experimental forms of film-making ;  most movies ,  specially genre films ,  must not only tell it's story or message ,  they must entertain their target audience in some way .  all this just to say that in my opinion a bad movie is not a movie with low production values or low-budget ,  a bad movie is one that is boring .    " hellborn "  or  " asylum of the damned "  as is known in the u . s .  ,  is a bad movie simply because it is just not involving ,  and irremediably boring and tiresome .  while it has a very good premise ,  it is just poorly developed and the mediocre acting doesn't make things better .  on another hands the film probably could had been a fine or even classic b-movie ,  but here it is just a bad attempt at film-making .   director philip j .  jones tells the tale of james bishop  ( matt stasi )  ,  a young psychiatry resident ,  who just got his dream job at st .  andrew mental hospital ;  but the old asylum seems to hide a secret .  after the mysterious death of some patients and the constant rumors of satanic practices ,  james decides to find out what is going on ;  only to find the incredulity of his boss ,  dr .  mccort  ( bruce payne )  ,  who believes that bishop is going as insane as his patients .   while the premise is quite interesting ,  the execution of the film leaves a lot to be desired .  in an attempt of making a supernatural psychological thriller ,  jones goes for the easy way out and makes a movie filled with every cliché of the genre .  of course ,  there are lots of great movies that are also filled with clichés ;  but in  " hellborn "  every single one is wasted and turned into a cheap jump scare to keep things moving ,  resulting in a boring and predictable storyline .   the acting is quite mediocre for the most part ,  with one big exception :  bruce payne gives a top-notch performance that makes the movie look unworthy of such good acting .  matt stasi is very weak as the lead character and the rest of the cast make forgettable performances .   despite all this flaws ,  one thing has to be written about  " hellborn "  ;  it has a visual look very good for the budget and very similar to modern day big-budget hollywod  " horror "  productions .  also ,  the make-up and prosthetics are done very nicely and the designs for the main antagonist are quite good .  sadly ,  the rest of the special effects are awful and outdated ,  making a huge contrast with the make-up & prosthetics .    " hellborn "  is a movie with a few good things outnumbered by its serious flaws with terrible results .  hardcore horror or b-movie fans may be interested by its premise but it is a boring and tiresome experience .  3/10
this is complete and absolute garbage ,  a fine example of what a bad movie is like ,  this can't be appealing to anyone ,  not even b-movie fans .  do not ,  i repeat ,  do not waste precious time of your life on this piece of trash .  bad acting ,  bad directing ,  horrible  ( but i mean really horrible )  script ,  and complete lack of an idea as to what entertainment  ( of any form )  is .  i bought the dvd for 3 dollars ,  i swear i could almost pay someone to take it .  burning it would not be enough for what this movie did to me .  i like b-movies ,  the killer toys ,  the weird lagoon monsters ,  but this is nowhere near .  you know those movies that are so bad they are funny ?  not even .  just plain old pathetic . 
this film makes you really appreciate the invention of the fast forward button on your remote control .  it's exquisite boredom in beautiful pictures .  for once hamilton goes relatively easy on soft focus shots .  however ,  what i found hard to take about the film was that although anja schüte was about 19 when it was shot the girls are portrayed as much younger than they actually are .  this whole lolita thing especially as there is an older man involved leaves me rather uneasy .  the heroine is actually shaved in the pubic area in order to make her look even younger than she is .  come on ,  sex is a nice past time- between consenting adults .  another thing i found odd was that neither beart nor schüte have a nude scene in the film ,  well ,  not a proper one at least . 
i have never understood the appeal of this show .  the acting is poor  ( debra jo rupp being a notable exception )  ,  the plots of most episodes are trite and uninspiring ,  the dialogue is weak ,  the jokes unfunny and it is painful to try and sit through even half an episode .  furthermore the link between this show and the '70s' is extremely tenuous beyond the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show -it seems to be nothing more than a modern sitcom with the same old unfunny ,  clichéd scripts that modern sitcoms have dressed up as depicting a show from twenty years ago in the hope that it will gain some nostalgic viewers or something like that .  both  " happy days "  and  " the wonder years "  employ the same technique much more effectively and are actually a pleasure to watch in contrast to this horrible ,  pathetic excuse for a show
one star for the  " plot "  .  one star for the acting .  one star for the dubbing into squeaky-voiced american .  five stars for monica broeke and inge maria granzow ,  with their propensity for taking all their clothes off .  and ten out of ten for the divine emmanuelle béart ,  two years before she made 'manon des sources' .  béart also undresses a couple of times ,  but even fully-clothed her presence is enough to make this film eminently watchable .  watch out for the scene where she tells her friend about the three  " first times "  for a girl .  it's corny ,  but still far more erotic than the rather laughably choreographed  " love scenes "  featuring broeke ,  granzow and patrick bauchau .  incidentally ,  the cinematography is not great ;  the stills for the closing credits are a better indication of what david hamilton is capable of . 
this ludicrous film offers the standard 1970's  " hippie mentality "  in a nut shell and bores us in the process .  its an attempt to rationalize absurd marriages of young ,  innocent women with old age sex fiends and wash ups .  a naive young hippy played by the waif-like  (  kay lenz  )  hitch hikes and sleeps with all the wrong guys ,  and then one day she meets the ridiculous  ( holden )  ,  already in old age ,  hard liquor drinking and washed up as an actor ,  and she decides that she is in  " love "  with him .  if you think that is superficial ,  the whole film encapsulates such scenes .  she keeps saying how much she  " loves "  him and she only met him ,  it wears thin and really quick .  i couldn't help but laugh throughout the film .  its obvious she's just using him as a meal ticket but the director is immature enough to think we are going to buy that there is actually any love taking place .  a disgusting scene is where the two are naked and having sex ,  i had to fast forward it because it almost inspired me to vomit .  a corny offering of music from the 70's is also spread through the film .  avoid this if you can .  grade d . 
the only thing that surprises me more than the number of people who liked this movie is that it was directed by clint eastwood ,  whose work i admire immensely .  the leads had absolutely no chemistry .  not for a second could i believe that there was anything deeper than lust between them .  the story just didn't ring true .  add to that stilted conversation ,  tons of stereotypes ,  and an incredibly slow plot that basically leads nowhere ,  and you've got yourself a real stinker .  kay lenz's nude scenes might be worthwhile for those seeking some salacious fare ,  but otherwise this is a colossal waste of time .  my thoughts as i watched the movie was that itwould have been better titled  " cheesy .  " 
this is a terrible film ,  and not one scene has an ounce of truthful emotion .  the characters are uninflected ,  obviously drawn ,  predictable and the story line is obvious and typical hollywood wish fulfillment .   william holden  ( so sad to see him in this role )  was 55 when this film was made ,  but he's playing someone in his early 40s and looks like he's in his 60s .  kay lenz was 20 and was scripted to find him irresistibly attractive .  i think the dog they found by the side of the road was sexier and had more life than their erotic connection .   holden's character--the same age as clint eastwood when he directed this film ,   ( not )  coincidentally--is placed with obvious trappings of 60s pre-hippie cool :  the bachelor pad ,  the swinging hi-fi ,  the lunches at yamashiro .  but the film is ridiculously uncool ,  a clanging claptrap of old fogies desperately wishing that the free spirits they saw on sunset and in laurel canyon would find them and their big honkin' cars sexy .   ugh .  youth culture was never that desperate .  and i shudder to think that bill holden was so desperate for youth that he took this embarrassing part . 
trifling romantic drama directed by clint eastwood about the loving relationship which grows between a comely hippie  ( kay lenz )  and a los angeles real estate agent in his golden years  ( william holden ,  surprisingly affable within this highly-concocted arrangement )  .  the script is slight but not without some thoughtful passages ;  still ,  the scenario is such a middle-aged cliché by now that most of the picture comes off as puerile .  it may have worked much better with different leads :  holden and lenz don't match up well  ( her stature is so slight he seems to tower over her )  ,  making their intimate scenes less stirring than simply uncomfortable .  dated ,  blurry-romantic ,  and mostly unmemorable .  ** from ****
you have a strong stomach .  holden was actually 55 years old at filming but looked near 70 and he only lived another 8 years .  at one point holden said ,   " i am over twice your age .  "  okay ,  try triple grandpa !  the  " old enough to be your father "  theme they were shooting for didn't work .  granted senior citizens sometimes wind up with legal teens .  more power to them ,  but that doesn't mean i want to watch it .  it's not a matter of judgment but the digestive track .  i like my food where it belongs .  lenz is fun to watch and the 70s cars ,  clothes ,  furniture ,  etc .  make it worth it if it comes on cable late at night and you want to watch something to wind down for bed .  it would have been nice to see the blonde friend of lenz ,  the one who hocked her guitar ,  get more scenes .  pleasingly spacey .  .  .  who was this chick ?  i'm going to try and find out . 
when i look for new cars ,  i expect not to be shown boats .  when i drink fountain coke ,  i should expect that the drink contains coke .  when i watch a movie that embellishes itself with the name of en excellent scientist ,  i expect that it is in some way relevant to that person or their work .  this could have been people discussing my grannys' diary .  the material covered is relevant only in that they vaguely tirade science .  i fell asleep the first time i tried to watch it ,  & the second time i stopped watching it .   i love science & documentaries .  i would rather watch them over the latest blockbuster .  however this falls far short of providing anything worth your time  avoid at all costs . 
i thought the movie was a poor documentary .  nothing of substance was discussed .  it seemed to cheapen the ideas and did not provide anything new .  the film lacked wonder or romance or anything that would really drive one to science .  most scientists appeared  " stereotyped "  and sometimes weird .  a woman said that her awards didn't matter a whole lot ,  only children that were helped .  she said that after a 10 minute scene where she explained all her awards .  playing  " humble scientist "  ,  are we ?   " i have equations dancing in my head ,  "  another said .  i don't see how that explains anything to us .  it hasn't covered significant effects of science on our culture .  politics of science were barely touched .   not a bad flick for a 10-14 year-olds .  other than that ,  i felt it was boring and unrevealing .   4/10
this movie is really bad .  the acting is plain awful except michael ironside .  i don't get the story .  richard grieco is the only survivor after a fight between two mc-gangs .  he comes to a town and suddenly he is choosened to fight against the bad people who wants indian-land .  at the cover it said he was a indian himself that returned too his home-town ,  i didn't hear that in the movie ,  if so it wasn't clear .   richard grieco was one hell of a bad actor .  stiff and ugly .  he said his lines like it too .  and we wouldn't talk about sean young ,  she hasn' been any of my favourite actors but in this movie she plays a indian women who falls in love with bolt  ( grieco )  .  she is awful .   when i rented it i choosed between this and subterfuge with amanda pays .  i choosed this one because of michael ironside was in the cast .  maybe i should have taken subterfuge .   don't see this unless you think richard grieco looks tough on a motorbike with sunglasses .   i will soon uptade the cast-list because i have it at home .  i wrote it down after i seen the movie . 
this is the page for  " house of exorcism "  ,  but most people have confused this film with the mario bava masterpiece ,   " lisa & the devil "  ,  which explains the ridiculously high rating for this ,   " house of exorcism .  "  when  " lisa & the devil "  was shown at film festivals in the early 70's ,  it was a critical success .  audiences responded well to that gorgeous ,  gothic horror film .  unfortunately it was a bit ahead of it's time ,  and was considered too unusual ,  and not commercial enough for mass consumption .  no distributor would buy it .  so producer alfredo leone decided to edit 'lisa' ,  seemingly with a chainsaw ,  by removing just about half of the original film ,  and adding new scenes ,  which he filmed two years after the original product !  it is important to note that bava had little to do with these new ,  hideous additions ,  so technically  " house of exorcism "  is not a bava film .  the original product is a slow ,  dreamy ,  classy production .  a few minutes into the film ,  the viewer is jarred out of this dream world ,  as suddenly we see lisa ,   ( two years older ,  and with a very different haircut )  ,  begin to writhe on the ground ,  making guttural sounds and croaking epitaphs like  " suck my co@k "  ,  etc .  subtle ,  huh ?  and the film continues like this ,  jumping back and forth between a beautiful ,  visual film ,  and a grade z  " exorcist "  rip-off .  leone was trying to incorporate these shock scenes ,  while keeping some semblance of a story intact .  he failed miserably .  when the choice was made to basically destroy  " lisa and the devil "  ,  bava himself refused ,  saying that his film was too beautiful to cut .  he was right ,  and it must have been quite sad for this artist to see all his work destroyed and flushed down the toilet .  it was many years before the original  " lisa and the devil "  was seen again ,  re-surfacing on late night television .  i had seen  " lisa "  long before i saw this new version ,  and it was downright disturbing to witness one of my favorite films  " vandalised "  in this way .  worth seeing only for curiosity sake .  otherwise avoid this insidious disaster like the plague . 
i caught this film on azn on cable .  it sounded like it would be a good film ,  a japanese  " green card "  .  i can't say i've ever disliked an asian film ,  quite the contrary .  some of the most incredible horror films of all time are japanese and korean ,  and i am a huge fan of john woo's hong kong films .  i an not adverse to a light hearted films ,  like tampopo or chung king express  ( two of my favourites )  ,  so i thought i would like this .  well ,  i would rather slit my wrists and drink my own blood than watch this laborious ,  badly acted film ever again .   i think the director steven okazaki must have spiked the water with quaalude ,  because no one in this film had a personality .  and when any of the characters did try to act ,  as opposed to mumbling a line or two ,  their performance came across as forced and incredibly fake .  i honestly did not think that anyone had ever acted before .  .  . the only person who sounded genuine was brenda aoki .  .  i find it amazing that this is promoted as a comedy ,  because i didn't laugh once .  even more surprising is that cbs morning news called this  " a refreshing breath of comedy "  .  it was neither refreshing ,  nor a breath of comedy .  and the ending was very predictable ,  the previous reviewer must be an idiot to think such things .   avoid this film unless you want to see a boring predictable plot line and wooden acting .  i actually think that  " spike of bensonhurst "  is a better acted film than this .  .  . and i walked out half way through that film ! 
this movie was bizarre ,  completely inexplicable ,  and hysterical to watch with friends while drinking in a big empty house .  i really love the opening stuff with lisa wandering about lost in a gorgeous city .  i want to be a beautiful stranger lost in some exotic european locale ,  though maybe not in a low budget horror flick .  definitely get the ending where there are the strangely non-sexual sex scenes that were cut out  ( in my dvd copy anyway )  .  don't attempt to understand it ,  just go along and watch out for the weird bits .  .  . which is everything .  don't watch this if you actually want plot or characterization or anything at all to make sense .  pretty beautiful ,  though you may just give up on this and decide to watch an actual horror movie ,  like say ,  dead alive . 
also known in a different form as  " house of exorcism ,  "  this messy  little film takes itself so seriously as to kill any entertainment value  whatsoever .   the spare plot involves european tourist elke sommer who has a  chance run in with telly savalas ,  who looks just like the devil she  saw on a fresco in the square .  sommer is given a ride to a  mysterious house in the country ,  where savalas happens to be  butler .  there ,  she is mistaken for a long dead woman ,  and the real  soap opera theatrics begin .  the house's blind matriarch's  husband had an affair with the dead woman ,  who was the  matriarch's son's fiancee .  the couple who gave sommer the ride ?   well ,  the woman is giving the chauffeur ,  uh ,   " back seat driving  lessons ,  "  and the husband knows and does not care .  eventually ,   most of the cast is killed ,  sommer is drugged and raped ,   escapes ,  and the viewer is taken to a climax on board an empty  airplane .  .  . which must have resembled the empty theaters this  thing played in .   the alternate version of this ,   " house of exorcism ,  "  has scenes  added involving a priest .   the vhs copy of this ,  from elite entertainment ,  is crystal clear and  letterboxed .  there are  " extras "  after the end credits ;  deleted sex  and gore scenes .   mario bava's direction is fast and furious ,  but his screenplay is  awful .  there are half baked ideas ,  abandoned plotlines ,  and  stunning conveniences that do nothing more than propel this thing  in some sort of forward direction .  you have life like dummies for  practice funerals ,  the blind matriarch does not act all that blind ,   and savalas is given the same lollipops he had in  " kojak ,  "   ( who  haunts ya ,  baby ?  )  .   the project seems like they had two name stars ,  then wrote the  script quickly ,  something that happens in hollywood on a daily  occurrence now .  savalas looks completely lost ,  delivering his  lines haltingly ,  and wishing his character had not died in  " the dirty  dozen .  "  sommer runs around and screams and gasps a lot ,  but  her character is a blank ,  i use the term  " character "  loosely .  the  only thing we know about her is her name .   this is a real weird film ,  and your reaction to it might depend on  how heavily you are into eurohorror ,  and kojak .  i for one cannot  recomment  " lisa and the devil .  "   this is unrated ,  and including all the extras at the end of the vhs  copy ,  contains strong physical violence ,  sexual violence ,  strong  gore ,  strong female nudity ,  male nudity ,  sexual content ,  and adult  situations
the only reason i watched this film was because i had recently read robert hough's less than perfect ,  but interesting ,  fictionalised account of the life of big cat trainer mabel stark .  beaty appears as a character in the book ,  in a less than flattering light .   i hadn't realised until checking the movie out later on the imdb that it was originally a serial .  whoever edited the original running time of 233 minutes down to the 68 minuted version available on dvd has done a hell of a good job .  the shortened version plays just as well as any b movie of the period despite the many 'duh-what ? ' moments .  for instance are we really expected to believe our hero dug that twenty foot deep tiger trap in a morning without even getting his jodhpurs dirty ?  looking over the chapter titles i see that number five is titled  " gorilla warfare "  and number eleven is called  " the gorilla "  .  there were no gorillas at all in the movie .  i guess that's where some of the cuts were made .   historicaly interesting . 
i'm not going to criticize the movie .  there isn't that much to talk about .  it has good animal actions scenes which were probably pretty astonishing at the time .  clyde beatty isn't exactly a matinée idol .  he's a little slight and not particularly good looking .  but that's ok .  he's the man in that lion cage .  we know that when he can't take the time away from his lions to tend to his girlfriend ,  he will end up on an island with her and have to save the day .  someone said earlier that it is a history lesson .  the scenes at the circus are of another day ,  especially the kids who hang around .  i didn't realize that even back in the thirties ,  they sailed on three masted schooners .  it looked like something out of 1860 .  i guess that's the stock footage they had .  no wonder the thing got wrecked .  they're always talking about fixing her up .  there's even a dirigible .  it tells us a little about male female relationships at the time ,  a kind of giggly silliness .  but if you don't take it too seriously ,  you can have fun watching it . 
ah yes ,  the vs series ,  mvc2 being the pinnacle .  it's been said before ,  this is what you get when half of the crew fell asleep on the job ,  unfortunately the gameplay half did .  don't get me wrong ,  this is fun ,  but you get tired of mashing buttons .  as for the plot summary ,  ahahahahahaaaaa .  .  .  there is no plot .  beat that guy at the end and win !  eh ,  who plays this by their self anyway ? 
i always get frustrated by films that were obviously written by one gender .  especially when they obviously don't do enough research to find out when something not only doesn't ring true ,  but rings blatently false .   the scene i am remembering is the one in the bathroom where jack tells his football teammates that he got diane pregnant .  in no way ,  shape ,  or form would a guy ever cheer another guy getting a girl pregnant in high school .  they might cheer about the guy having sex with the hot cheerleader ,  but i can also guarantee that the first the football team heard about it would not be at a urinal .   it was obvious that this film didn't take itself so seriously ,  and it wasn't hideously bad ,  but come on ! 
this movie looked like it was going to be really funny .  i was very excited to see it but was very disappointed .  it was very unrealistic .  the plot was also pretty weak .  i was expecting it to be really funny but the jokes weren't even that good .  i was also really disappointed with the ending .  i would not recommend this movie to anyone . 
the storyplot was okay by itself ,  but the film felt very bubbly and fake .  it also had the worst ending .  they were probably going for a surprise ending ,  but all it did was leave me the question of what the whole point of the story was .  all other teen movies are better than this one . 
sugar &spice is one of the worst movies of 2001 .  the film tries to cross heathers and bring it on and fails  .  when i saw last january i was so disgusted by the film that i walked and talked on my cell phone to my girlfriend for the last half hour of the movie .  i've heard that the dvd has a director's cut maybe i'll check it out ,  but this pg-13 trash movie is s*** and the worst kind of s*** .  maybe if the film had some t&a that would've have made it okay .  but the gags are lame and the acting is horrible .  worse than a troma film . 
i wanted to see this movie ever since it was first advertised on tv .  i went to tinsel town to see it last night at 7 : 40 .  i regret the day that wasted my ticket on this trash when i could of saw something better .  the beginning was all a bunch sex trash and cliches .  they exaggerated the way love works in reality .  all of the girls were stereo types .  the boyfriend was too stupid for his own age .  the passing gases that the pregnant girl kept having barely got any laughs .  the bank robbery was completely boring with gags that have been used in other movies .  their getaway car was an old beat up chevy van that they claimed that had no breaks .  hey why didn't they get nice girlish vehicle for the robbery instead ?  it might have boosted the audience opinion about the movie .  this movie was very low low low low low budgeted since nothing in there was damaged or destroyed .  this movie had a lot of stuff in it that would drive christian people nuts .  hey i even expected a car chase scene because all bank robbing movies have car chases but i but there was never any .  so i rate this movie b which stands for low budgeted and 1 out of ten stars . 
i can't believe it that was the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .  i laughed a couple of times .   (  probably because of how stupid it was  )  if someone paid me to see that movie again i wouldn't .  the plot was so horrible  ,  it made no sense  ,  and the acting was so bad that i couldn't even tell if they were trying .  that movie was terrible rating :  f
*** may contain spoilers .  ***   if living on tokyo time were some bold experiment where real-life wanna-be actors were given film parts on the condition that they would be required to take a combination of powerful prescription anti-anxiety ,  anti-depression ,  and anti-psychotic medications  ( this is the classic psych ward combo that renders patients into drooling zombies )  all during filming ,  then this movie would hold far more interest .  or ,  if the film production was another type of experiment where all of the actors were sleep deprived before and during filming ,  then tokyo time could be more easily explained .   as it is ,  this film is filled with lifeless ,  low-energy actors .  in the scene where the new husband was sitting on the stairs talking with his sister ,  it appeared that he was having trouble keeping his eyes open .  in almost every scene he speaks his lines sitting down with every part of his body motionless .  from beginning to end ,  his facial expression is best described as  " near sleep .  "   fret not about the actors speaking over each other's lines because these actors can barely finish droning out any lines of dialog .  everyone speaks with a depressing ,  monotone voice .  no laughing .  no yelling .  no vigor .  no one has energy enough to crack a smile .  the result :  complete and total boredom .   and it does not help matters that the direction is simple and amateurish .   avoid this lifeless film at all costs .  better to watch greencard which has a similar plot and has charm and energy .  or ,  for an unconventional japanese romance story ,  check out the long vacation which has an ample amount of everything living on tokyo time does not . 
i tried to watch this movie three separate times .  the night i rented it .  got through about 20 minutes hoping it would be better if i had a night's rest .  watched 15 more the next day ,  almost vomited at how stupid it was .  .  .  it wasn't even funny stupid which is sometimes a fun movie to watch but this movie was just crap with a capital s  ( if you know what i mean in the censored world we live in )  .  and finally on the third day i watched over an hour of the dumb thing and i didn't enjoy one single moment !  not even one .  how did this script get greenlighted .  oh boy !   g  1/10 - the one is for cheerleaders .  .  .  they deserve at least something for all their hardwork . 
please ,  spare me of these movies that teach us that crime is fun and justified .  couple that with a vacuous script with an intense desire to be a farrelly or a coen brother ,  plus the lives of yet another group of supposedly high school age people acting out their dawson creek-brand teen angst complete with a genxyz soundtrack that woefully tries to make the movie  " feel "  cool and ,  we have intensely and painfully inept satire .   this isn't even watered-down 'ferris bueller' .  .  . i'd rather watch a traffic light change .   only one scene stands out as anywhere near worth the price of admission :  when the betty masked girls meet a richard nixon masked friend .  it's a surreal moment .  priceless even .   but for the rest of it ,  i'd rather have a toothache .  at least i can apply some benzocaine ( tm )  to stop the pain . 
ok ,  i have watched the original french version .  but i can't imagine this being better with subtitles .   all i have to say that this is the most boring movie i have seen in a long time .  there are almost no redeeming qualities to this film .  that's why i can't understand all the positive reviews .  it might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold .   i usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie .  tarkovsky's solaris is extremely slow paced but it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example .  but in this case ,  the movie is just filed with mindless dialog that manage to tell us little about the characters .  none of which i could identify with or care for .  in a lot of the scenes i found myself thinking :   " when are they going to shut up "  ?  the acting was pretty bad .  not in an overacting obvious kind of way .  but it seems none of the actors cared about their characters and they all looked like they wanted to be elsewhere in most of the scenes .  this might be due to the uninspired dialog they were given .  also the whole flow of the movie felt quite mechanical .  going from one scene to the next .  it seems this movie was just written  ( badly )  but never directed .   this is one of the few films that i can say generated no emotional response from any of the scenes .  no suspense ,  no fear ,  no anticipation ,  no sorrow ,  no introspection ,  no intellectual stimulation ,  no interest what so ever .   a perfect example of what i call an anti-movie . 
frank sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer ,  hard-living and hard-drinking ,  who returns to his midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother  ( arthur kennedy )  ,  now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter .  frank gets involved with gambler dean martin ,  uneducated flooze shirley maclaine ,  and has some run-ins with the law ,  but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman .  over-simplified drama verging on soap opera ,  with a role for maclaine that is by turns overly 'colorful' and embarrassingly sentimental  ( her drunken belting on  " after you've gone "  is however the film's highlight ,  and is expertly handled )  .  director vincente minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion ,  but he's in surprisingly glum spirits and most of the big scenes are flat or dense .  the picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen ,  with a nice eye for detail and composition ,  but the story and these characters are stuck in the dregs .  ** from ****
vincente minelli movies are usually worth your time ;  meet me in st louis ,  the bad and the beautiful .  i awaited this movie with great interest .  but what a disappointment .    some came running is scene after scene of go-nowhere fatalism .  sinatra is a sad sack ,  returned from the war to find disappointing family relationships ,  a disappointing floozy hanging on him ,  living in disappointing digs as a gal persuades him to finish his disappointing writing project .  the movie has a big dramatic finish in which a disappointing villain catches up with sinatra and macclane and something disappointing happens .  the sequence is intended to be tension-filled but minelli is no hitchcock ;  he gets so distracted by pretty colors ,  he doesn't notice the scene is a wheezing cliché and the characters are so thinly-drawn and poorly developed we don't particularly care that they get shot .   ( especially macclane )  but that's the only real cinematography in the project .  otherwise we look at constipated characters standing around bars & living rooms getting on each others nerves for two hours .  hell is other people ,  apparently .   there is nothing going on in this movie .  the dilemma of soldiers returning to displacement and indifference after ww2 is handled more deftly in 'the best years of our lives . ' and either of two inge products ,  'splendor in the grass' and 'picnic' covers the desperation of being trapped in a dead-end town ,  with much more poignance . 
poor performances by sinatra ,  martin and hyer .  grossly underdeveloped supporting characters .  annoying talky with no real plot .  ending leaves you flatter than a pancake ,  with more loose ends than you could tie up in four sequels  ( that is ,  if you even cared about these wooden characters )  .  maclaine is the only real asset .  that penultimate sequence in which the  " chicago hood "  searches for the sinatra character is laughable .  the music in that sequence also is poor .  and in the final scene when martin's character removes his hat for the woman he called a  " pig ,  "  almost made me go outside and find a stone to throw through my television screen . 
but i doubt many were running to see this movie .  or  " some came running out of the cinema "  .  okay ,  that's a bit harsh .   the film starts in an unintentionally comical way :  frankie-boy comes back to his hometown after many years  ( this already smells of clichés )  and the whole town is shaken by his arrival :  he is talked about ,  everyone wants to talk to him ,  and every woman he meets flirts with him like there's no tomorrow - even his niece hints that she would gladly have dropped her date to chat with frankie-boy a little longer !  even his pretty niece wants a piece of him !  sounds like one of those laughable  " mike hammer "  episodes where every single female wants stacey keach .  and ,  like stacey keach ,  frankie-boy is anything but a good-looking woman's wet dream .  in real life ,  someone like sinatra  ( without the fame )  wouldn't get within 100 m of someone as beautiful as maclaine .  but in this hollywood movie it's the other way around :  maclaine is absolutely nuts about frankie-boy ,  but he couldn't care less !  sinatra plays his  " cool "  shtick much too often in his movies ,  and it is rarely credible .  dean martin is kind of miscast ;  he isn't miscast as a card-player ,  but rather because of the accent which simply doesn't suit him .  maclaine is charming as ever ,  but she plays a caricature - and this reliance on caricatures is one of the basic problems with the film .  the main characters are all some sort of stereotypes out of bad or seen-it-all-before movies and cheap novels ;  frankie is the  " cool cat "  who comes back to town to get all the women ,  and he couldn't care less about his writing  ( which ,  predictably ,  eventually garners recognition )  ;  martin is a sleazy but friendly card-player ;  maclaine is the dumb ,  but very likable bimbo ;  frankie's blond love-interest is a snotty literary expert ;  frankie's brother is the successful guy who married into his wife's business and has a lousy marriage ;  and so on .  clichés .   the story contains a couple of coincidences which are a little too far-fetched for my taste :  frankie just happens to bump into his niece in a locale ;  his niece just happens to be meters away from her daddy when the latter kisses his secretary for the first time ;  and then there is the awful ,  stupid ending .   in it ,  a drunk guy bent on killing frankie-boy somehow manages to find him in a carnival of all places !  the place is utterly crowded ,  with the typical noise and chaos - plus it's happening in the evening - and yet the guy somehow finds frankie  ( in spite of being drunk as a doorknob )  and shoots at him .  but guess who he kills ?  maclaine .  she jumps in front of the bullet to save frankie :  a cliché which comic-book writers might cringe at .  this utterly pathetic ,  over-dramatic ,  and annoying ending certainly cannot please any ,  even semi-intelligent ,  viewer .  and this happens on the same day that maclaine and sinatra got married !  the writer of this nonsense seems to have read crappy dime novels his whole life - how else is the writing of this movie to be explained ?  there is even a card game in which a brawl ensues with frankie & martin vs .  some cliché caricatures out of the writer's  " vivid "  imagination .   ( it was like a damn western suddenly .  )  another dumb thing is the way sinatra was crazy about the boring snotty-nosed bimbo and pretty much ignored maclaine .  as the movie progresses we find out that sinatra finds maclaine to be too dumb for him ,  just as the blond bimbo finds sinatra to be too low-class for her .  there is a certain snobbism and disdain to be detected in the script regarding maclaine .  maclaine is treated as worthless by everyone ,  while the blond bimbo is treated as a princess and an intellectual ;  the ironic truth is that the latter's character comes off as rather dumb and not at all as intellectual ;  her behaviour ,  comments ,  and opinions are mostly clichéd ,  silly ,  confused ,  pretentious ,  and primitive .  at least maclaine's character knows that she  ( maclaine )  is dumb .  there is another irony that i didn't fail to notice :  sinatra had trouble finding an ending for his latest story - much like the writer of this movie ,  and that's why he came up with the corny ,  crappy finale .   the film basically has a solid cast ,  and the photography is nice ,  but the script ,  though sometimes okay ,  relies to heavily on silly nonsense instead of on reality-based characters and events .   if you're interested in reading my  " biographies "  of shirley maclaine and other hollywood intellectuals ,  contact me by e-mail . 
[***possible spoilers***] this movie's reputation precedes it ,  so it was with anticipation that i sat down to watch it in letterbox on tcm .  what a major disappointment .   the cast is superb and the production values are first-rate ,  but the characters are without depth ,  the plot is thin ,  and the whole thing goes on too long .  for a movie that deals with alcoholism ,  family divisions ,  unfaithfulness ,  gambling ,  and sexual repression ,  the movie is curiously flat ,  prosaic ,  lifeless ,  and cliche-ridden .  one example is the portrayal of frank hirsch's unfaithfuness :  his rather heavy-handed request to his wife to  " go upstairs and relax a bit "  followed by her predictable pleading of a headache ,  leads - even more predictably - to his evening liaison with his secretary  (  " hey nancy ,  i've got the blues tonight .  let's go for a drive "  )  ,  all according to well-worn formula .  we don't feel these are real people ,  but cardboard cutouts acting in a marionette play .  also ,  the source of the obvious friction between frank and dave hirsch is never really explored or explained .  dave's infatuation with the on-again/off-again gwen is inexplicable in light of her fatuous inability to defecate or get off the pot .  his subsequent marriage of desperation to the shirley maclaine/ginny character is ,  from the moment of its being presented to this viewer ,  anyway ,  obviously doomed to fail ,  and it was clear - by the conventions of this type of soap opera - that it could only be resolved by someone being killed .  the moment the jealous lover started running around with the gun i started a bet with myself as to who - dave or ginny - would get killed .  the whole thing was phony with a capital 'p' .    having said that ,  maclaine's performance and that of dean martin are the standouts here .  but on the whole i find the movie's interest to be purely that of a period piece of hollywood history . 
this film has been receiving a lot of play lately during the day on either hbo or cinemax .  the reason is that they are assuming people would be interested in comparing it to the leonardo dicaprio/tom hanks caper of the same name .  the only reason to see it is for the attractive matt lattanzi .  yum !  although i must say matt was more than a little long in the tooth to be playing a high schooler .  if he were a woman ,  they'd have had him playing the mother of a high schooler !   ( is is just me ,  or is his daughter starting to look like shelley duvall ?  )  oh yeah ,  the plot--who cares ?  typical teen highjinx played by adults . 
wow !  i remember so many awful films that loosely revolved around high school from the early 1980s .  they usually had someincredibly strained plot and lots of 27 year old actors pretending to be students .  as i watched this film i felt a little of the nostalgia of growing up in the 1980s .  however ,  then i find out that this film was made in 1989 ?  say what !  well ,  the nostalgia factor ends right there ,  this is just bad .  the plot has the city preparing to close a high school and threatening to bus all of the students to inner city high schools .  which is odd ,  in that the students at this school are both wealthy and abundant .  in fact ,  the main character lives in a mansion .  makes you wonder how they cannot find money to keep this school alive ,  have they never heard of property taxes .  oh ,  but here is the kicker .  the school board says that they will keep the school alive ,  if the students can raise $200 , 000 .  so the seniors go about doing this .  hmmm ,  you raise $200 , 000 but instead of saving that for college ,  you put it towards saving the high school that you are a senior in ?  and why exactly would they close an overpopulated school before the year is out ?  and .  .  . ahh forget it ,  this film was stupid and made in 1989 !  ? 
the plot of this film is not strong at all ,  lots of holes .  if you approach it as a car movie its not bad ,  lots of great cars in this one .  the reason i like it is because i am from the area where this was filmed .  i get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in st .  cloud mn and seeing how the town has changed since 89 .  its an interesting historical piece for us locals .  seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it .  it is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on vhs .  had to get a copy from japan on ebay i find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town .  i didn't know the director was from st . cloud . 
happy go lovely is a waste of everybody's time and talent including the audience .  the lightness of the old-hat mistaken identity and faux scandal plot lines is eminently forgivable .  very few people watched these movies for their plots .  but ,  they usually had some interesting minor characters involved in subplots -- not here .  they usually had interesting choreography and breathtaking dancing and catchy songs .  not happy go lovely .  and vera-ellen as the female lead played the whole movie as a second banana looking desperately for a star to play off it -- and instead she was called upon to carry the movie ,  and couldn't do it .  the scottish locale was wasted .  usually automatically ubiquitous droll scottish whimsy is absent .  the photography was pedestrian .  the musical numbers were pedestrian .  cesar romero gives his usual professional performance ,  chewing up the scenery since no one else was doing his part ,  in the type of producer role essayed frequently by walter abel and adolph menjou .  david niven is just fine ,  and no one could do david niven like david niven .  at the end of the day ,  if you adore niven as i do ,  it's reason enough to waste 90 minutes on happy go lovely .  if not ,  skip it . 
story of a good-for-nothing poet and a sidekick singer who puts his words to music .  director danny boyle has lost none of his predilection for raking in the gutter of humanity for characters but he has lost ,  in this film ,  the edge for creating inspiring and funny films .  strumpet is painful to watch and barely justified by the fact that it was made for tv . 
this utterly dull ,  senseless ,  pointless ,  spiritless ,  and dumb movie isn't the final proof that the world can forget about danny boyle and his post- " trainspotting "  movies :   " the beach "  already took care of that .  what this low-budget oddity does is merely to secure his place among those who started very well but got completely lost in drugs ,  booze ,  ego ,  self-delusion ,  bad management or whatever it was that lead to this once-promising director's quick demise .   the premise is absurd :  two losers  ( ecclestone and some bimbo jenna g - a rapper ,  likely )  meet by chance and spontaneously start singing with fervour more akin to lunatic asylum inhabitants than a potential hit-making duo - which they become .  a friend of theirs - an even bigger illiterate loser - becomes their manager by smashing a store window and stealing a video-camera by which he films them in  " action "  ,  and then shows the tape to some music people who actually show interest in this garbage .  now ,  i know that the uk in recent years has put out incredible junk ,  but this is ridiculous ;  the music makes oasis seem like the beatles .  during the studio recordings ,  the duo - strumpet - change lyrics in every take and ecclestone quite arrogantly tells the music biz guys to take it or leave it ,  and quite absurdly they do take it .  not only is the music total and utter trash ,  but its  " performers "  are anti-social ;  these newcomers are supposed to be calling the shots .  it's just too dumb .  it's plain awful .   the dialog is unfunny and goes nowhere ,  and this rags-to-bitches story has no point and makes no sense .  it often feels improvised - under the influence of drugs .  danny boyle is a complete idiot .  this little piece of trash is so bad it's embarrassing to watch .  ecclestone's i . q .  also has to be questioned for agreeing to be part of this nonsense .  whoever financed this £1000 joke should leave the movie business before they end up selling their own underwear on street corners . 
way back when i was renting videos for free i picked this one up .  oops the things i wanted to mention outside the summary already given were these .  1 :  someone who had a lot to do with making this movie had a strange and sick fascination for food ,  it was gross and unecessary .  2 :  there is some kind of a soundtrack in the background of the film that seems to be there the entire time and by the way i felt for days after viewing this trash i figure they had something subliminal going on in the track .  either that or it was just traumatisingly bad or both .  many times throughout the movie you can tell the writer and director did not have much experience or talent .  and don't even ask about the acting . 
i've been trying to track down this film just by googling bad phrases about  " teenagers seduce and kill man in his house "  and such .  i think i first saw parts of this film when i was about 10 years old when it was running on cable .  it made quite an impression !  it's the kind of film that kids know they shouldn't be watching ,  and switch the channel when their parents come in .  when i saw who the cast was ,  i couldn't believe that some of these good actors were in such a horrible movie .  then again ,  if you like to see men who cheat on their wives get murdered ,  then this is an interesting film .  also ,  if i recall ,  there's some pretty interesting pseudo-lesbian moments .  probably the dumbest ending of all time ,  but still .  .  . memorable . 
there is a lot of talk of torture these days .  that's all this movie is .  it's about a good person who makes a bad decision .  because of his kindness ,  he becomes vulnerable to two psychotic women .  from then on its a just-for-kicks assault on him .  i don't know at what point you do something about it .  there is a wife and child out there somewhere ;  he has great feelings of guilt and fear .  but there should have been some times when he could have acted .  the movie seems to be somebody's joke .  i suppose in the wake of the manson murders ,  we had a bit of a fixation on the likes of these two .  nevertheless ,  why would someone make a film like this ?  what appeals does it have except for sadism .  the conclusion is totally unsatisfying ,  but that could have been remedied with an obvious plot twist .  oh ,  well .  another hour and a half of my life . 
this 1977 cult movie has two crazed lesbians  ( sandra locke & colleen camp )  appearing at the home of wealthy socialite doctor george manning  ( seymour cassel )  ,  in hope of help in locating a residence they can't seem to find .  but these two have other plans in mind ,  when they find out george's wife is out of town ,  they end up taking control of the residence ,  tying up the george ,  killing a delivery boy while destroying the place all in one evening .  bizarre and disturbing movie ,  but the two get there just reward in the same bizarre way as the movie ends .  most will either dislike it right off or get caught up in this ludicrous movie after about 30 minutes into it .  either way some even consider this a cult classic .   larry dodson
i guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story .  .  .  .  it's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs .  ;  i don't see where the terror comes into play here .  .  .  .  there are some  " weird' and  " surreal "  sequences in the movie .  and the two girls  ( sandra locke and .  .  . ah .  .  . oh well )  play the roll of two psycho-man haters to the hilt .  .  . they do a pretty good job  ( although some of it is just a tad over the top )  .  the movie's not good ,  and it's not horrible ;  it's just really really dated !  i mean this thing is dripping with the 70's .  .  .  .  it's not really bad if you like that sort of thing .  .  . you know .  .  . that thang ? 
this is an atrocious movie .  two demented young women seduce and torture a middle aged man .  there's not much to give away in regards to a plot or a  " spoiler "  .  i would only comment that the ending is nearly the most preposterous part of the flick .  much of the film involves locke and camp cackling obnoxiously ,  all the while grinning psychotically at the camera .  add to this a soundtrack that repeats again and again ,  including a vaudevillian song about  " dear old dad "  that suggests an incestuous quality the viewer never really sees .  the music is annoying at first ,  then ends up subjecting the viewer to a torture worse than that depicted on the screen .  the theme here is of youth run amok ,  understandable as a reaction to the '60s ,  but done with little imagination or style .  avoid it ! 
so this guy named george is sitting home alone on his birthday when two women show up .  george's wife is at a hospital taking care of their son so when the wife is away george gets in the bubble bath and makes love to both of the girls .  it isn't that great of a scene because it really doesn't show anything .  after that the birthday boy wakes up the next morning and the girls are still at his house .  they make him a nice breakfast but george isn't hungry .  george isn't very happy and he tries to ditch them but when he gets home the girls are still at his house .  the girls have had enough with old george and no longer want to cook for them .  they both turn out to be major psychopaths and use george in their little crazy game .  i liked that the girls just did what they wanted and messed up george's house .  george wasn't really that great to his two guests .  when george said he was a married man ,  he really didn't seem to mean it .  george looked like tom tucker on family guy .  i was for the two girls the whole time . 
a text prologue warns us that we should not allow evil to enter our house ,  but i think the more apt word is  " entropy .  "  good grief ,  what slobs these two babes are !   george  ( seymour cassell )  is alone in his san francisco office and his monstrously expensive home in tiburon while his wife and child are away in san diego .  two girls  ( sondra locke as jackson and colleen camp as donna )  knock on his door ,  asking directions .  well ,  it's raining ,  and they're shivering like two drenched pitiful kittens ,  and they're not sure of the address they're looking for ,  and ,  what with one thing and another ,  george invites them to come in and partake of his pizza by the fire .  all three of them wind up in george's bath tub and there follows about five minutes of mostly undifferentiated nudity in double exposure ,  triple exposure ,  quadruple exposure ,  and dodekakuple exposure .  they spend the night in a threesome and the next morning the girls fix him breakfast .  but something has gotten slightly cockeyed because georgie's guests gobble everything down with their fingers and pour ketchup and syrup all over the linen and --  " you eat like animals !  "  ,  george exclaims and tells them to get out .  in his dreams .    now ,  don't get me wrong .  sondra locke is an extraordinary looking young blond with cobalt-blue eyes and colleen camp bounces around like a superball .  you gotta say ,  they breed 'em mighty cute down there in shelbyville ,  tennessee ,  where locke comes from ,  and they breed 'em with bodacious tushes too ,  as we can't help but note after the first five or ten minutes .   but when the girls go berserk ,  so does the movie .  the film is thereafter bathed in a garish green light .  the pair put on ghoulish makeup and make gargoyle faces at themselves in the mirrors .  they brain a delivery boy and then drown him to make sure .  they cuss up a storm and smash windows and furniture .  they have one of those scenes in which two people sit across the table from one another ,  licking food and then jumping each other's bones .    and georgie ?  they first render georgie unconscious with mace  ( which contains nothing that you can't find in that little red bottle of mcilheny's tabasco sauce in your kitchen cabinet )  ,  tie him up ,  pour flour and milk all over him ,  subject him to a psychotic trial ,  put him through one of those tolstoy-type semi-executions ,  slap him around ,  dress up in outlandish costumes ,  then prance out on him and his virtually destroyed upper-middle-class home ,  and are dispatched by a delivery van ex machina .   as for the acting ,  it's as if someone had told georgie ,   " first act polite to these girls ,  then act panicked after you're tied up .  "  and to the girls :   " first act shy ,  unwilling to impose on anyone ,  then act crazy .  "  and that's it .    the photography and location work are straight out of a 1970s porn movie .  i'm not sure that suggests a total lack of skill .  it takes effort and talent to turn san francisco ugly .  the score gives us two leitmotivs .  georgie's is some pop tune with lyrics about  " being free "  and  " giving in .  "  jackson and donna's is a catchy rinky-tink thing called  " my good old dad .  "    i approve of the moral lesson behind the story ,  though .  there are some things you should simply not give in to ,  even though they might look like a lot of fun at first .  all very educational . 
i am a fan of the previous best of the best films .  but this one was awful .  no wonder i had such a hard time finding it .  i tried 4 video rental stores ,  until i found one with a copy of this movie .  the acting was terrible ,  the plot was a joke ,  and the action was bad as well .   i really miss alex grady ,  travis brigley ,  and the original kickboxing characters and theme that this film had with the first 2 movies .   john
 " happy go lovely "  has only two things going for it .  and those two things are vera-ellen's legs .  this is a british  ( excelsior films )  version of an m-g-m musical complete with second tier stars .  i would imagine that vera-ellen took this role thinking that it might finally propel her to the status of a major musical star .  but ,  i'm sorry to say ,  ms .  ellen's chance did not pay off .   opening with a horrible scottish number and stumbling thru awful dialog to the next dull tune ,  this movie seems very heavy handed and sloppy .  the predictable mistaken identity plot is very thin ,  and with the exception of david niven ,  cesar romero  ( who is way over the top in his role of a producer )  and bobby howes  ( who is totally wasted in a nothing role )  the rest of the cast is totally forgettable .   the choreography is boring ,  but ms .  ellen gives it her all .  she was never as famous as most of the other musical stars ( and she shouldn't be since she couldn't sing and even had a  " dancing stand in "  in several of her pictures "  .  but when she did dance ,  it was just entrancing .   it's too bad that this film that could have made her a star did not give her the tools she needed to shine .   4 out of 10
believe it or not , this movie is worse than number three . it's slower , the acting is worse , and the story is very weak . there isn't a lot of good to say about this movie . even the fight scenes are more dull than number three , and i would have thought that impossible . this is a very slow 90 minutes . painful , in fact . i stuck it through , hoping it would get better . if you really want to see this movie , you should try to find a cheap rental of it . it is hard to find ( for purchase , that is ) and probably for good reason . like number three , this movie has nothing to do with the first two . it is the same in name only . anyway , the most i can give best of the best : without warning is 2/10
best of the best 4 ,  is better than 3 ,  but just barely .  basically ,  i say this because part 4 doesn't contradict parts 1/2  ( like 3 does )  ,   ( ie .  their is no reference to tommy lee having siblings )  .   anyway ,  i liked the russian plot line of the story ,  and especially sven ole-thorsen's bit part as boris .  aside from that though and a few fighting scenes ,  the movie is nothing special .  the limited budget is also very noticeable  ( especially in the airplane blow-up scene )  .   also ,  part 4 does not really have a moral or say anything like part 3 did ,  there are a couple of more better known actors  ( hudson ,  thorsen )  in part 4 ,  but alas nothing like the beginning of the series  ( and even these characters have very small roles )  .   alas ,  it seems best of the best is the rhee show ,  and to be truthful ,  he cannot carry a movie .   saw on tape ,  rating : 4
**spoilers** i rented  " tesis "   ( or  " thesis "  in english )  on the strength of director alejandro amenabar's later effort  " the others "  .  based on what a brilliantly measured and horrifyingly effective creepfest that film was ,  i assumed his earlier efforts would be of a similar quality and i was in the mood for some good horror .  instead i wound up with the most tedious ,  preposterous excuse for a lame-brained slasher movie i've seen since the german film  " anatomie "   ( which this one kinda reminded me of )  .   the plot has potential but it's thrown away within the first 20 minutes .  it revolves around innocent-n-pretty psychology student angela's  ( ana torrent - a jessica harper deadringer )  thesis on the subject of violence in films .  through some far-fetched circumstances too dumb to go into here ,  she winds up in possession of a 'snuff' tape on which two men torture ,  mutilate and kill a young girl for the camera .  angela ,  and her horror-buff friend chema  ( fele martinez )  are both shocked yet intrigued by the tape and decide to get to the bottom of who's responsible for it .   this leads to .  .  .  well ,  nothing .   they never really give a reason for why they want to find the girl's killers  ( since they resolutely refuse to contact the police throughout any of the unfolding events ,  even when their own lives at risk )  and the mystery itself is as limp as graham norton in a room full of bunny girls .  there is only one proper 'clue'  ( the type of camera the killers used is discovered )  and that's a )  a really weak one and b )  wheeled out in the first 20 minutes .  the rest of the so-called 'unravelling' just occurs through blind luck ,  increasingly ridiculous plot twists and a slew of awful ,  transparent and thoroughly pointless red herrings that are chucked in merely to pad out the running time .   seriously - amenabar might know his stuff about ghost stories but he's clearly never read a detective book in his life .  the key to a good whodunnit is to have a large cluster of potential suspects and to eliminate them one by one with clever deduction and the gradual discovery of more and more evidence ,  before moving in for the final twist .  in  " tesis "  ,  *potential spoiler ahead* the killer's identity is guessed correctly by the amateur 'detectives' almost instantly and then we get 100 minutes of the writer trying feebly to throw us off the scent until he runs out of ideas ,  throws his hands up and says  " ok ,  ya got me ,  it was him after all "  !  as for any kind of logic or motive behind the crimes - no such luck .  you're watching the wrong movie if that's what you're after .   the only thing that drags  " tesis "  down further from just being a dumb ,  badly written thriller is the way it actually tries to make some ludicrous ,  muddled-up 'point' about violence in films .  i have no idea what stance it's attempting to take on the subject but it seems determined to cram in a ton of misguided ,  confused psychobabble ,  in between the rest of the gibberish ,  and say  " look at me !  i'm political !  "  .  the final scenes ,  in which the  " point "  of the movie is supposedly hammered home ,  are so utterly absurd and puerile ,  one can't help but wonder if amenabar feels embarrassed now when he watches this .  if he doesn't ,  he certainly should .  this is total 'amateur night at the slasher house' stuff .   overall i can't believe i wasted two whole hours  ( it felt like at least six )  on this ,  just hoping something might happen .  the urban legend of 'snuff films'  ( and that is basically all they are ,  despite the way this film tries to suggest they're some kind of criminal phenomenon sweeping the world !  )  is an area that can be so tantalisingly exploited in good horror films  (  " videodrome "  anyone ?  )  but it's so easy to step over the line into childlike 'wouldn't it be cool if ! ' territory with it  ( ie :   " my little eye "  )  .  .  .   " tesis "  hits an all-time low for the 'snuff movie' genre .  on every level ,  this one is better left dead and buried .  i'll award it a 1 out of 10 ,  for some nice lighting ,  but that's all it's getting . 
when i saw the commercial for this ,  i was all about seeing it .  now ,  forgive me ,  but it's been so long since i've seen it that i don't recall how it went .  suffice it to say ,  the movie i saw bore no resemblance to the  " movie "  they sold me on .   i was bored ,  annoyed ,  and incredibly disappointed by this movie .  and if it wasn't bad enough ,  they had to sink it even further with that awful reggae music .  not exactly mood-setting music for a horror movie ,  eh mon ?  i guess if you never saw the commercial  ( or trailer ,  i suppose )  you may think this is some hot stuff .  for my money ,  the commercial was way better . 
a bunch of kids set up a theatre to have an all-night horror movie marathon .  however ,  as the night goes on ,  there's somebody among them killing them off one by one .  who is it .  .  . and why ?  i saw this in a theatre way back in 1991 .  i was looking forward to it--but boy !  it did not work at all .  the premise is a good one ,  they have a very appealing young cast and some pros like dee wallace stone on board .  .  . but it doesn't work .  the story stops making sense halfway through  ( that could be because of some huge editing before the film was released )  ,  the killings are relatively bloodless  ( how this got an r rating is beyond me )  and the unmasking of the killer at the end was boring and stupid .   it's really too bad--this movie had potential .  with a better script this could have become a great horror film .  as it stands though it's mostly forgotten and the cast itself seems embarrassed by it  ( i heard stone won't talk about this one )  .  i give it a 3 and that's just for the cast . 
you have to admire brad sykes even if you don't particularly want to ,  a man who churns out budget horror after budget horror to less than enthusiastic receptions .  but keeps on doing it all the same .  even the half-hearted praise than surrounds his camp blood films is given grudgingly and i'm as guilty of this as anyone .  brad normally manages to throw something interesting into the mix ,  a neat idea ,  a kooky character ,  whatever ,  but without the funds to take it further than base level ,  he relies on the audience to cut him some slack and appreciate it for what it is and what it could be .  joe haggerty gives a spirited and very funny performance as ebenezer jackson and its a credit to sykes that he can sense that this oddball turn is going to work within the framework of the film .  coming to a multiplex near you ,  in a parallel universe ,  somewhere . 
the only reason to see this movie is for a brilliant performance by thom-adcox hernandez who is underused in the movie within the movie .  as usual tom villard is good ,  too .  otherwise it's c**p .  the possesor doesn't even exist how does he magically change the letters on the theatre marquee to spell out  " the possessor "  ?  lame . 
i suppose many people comment/review their first movie on imdb because the movie was spectacular or horrible -- i'm writing due to the latter .   i was excited for the sequel to  " wargames "   .  .  i thought the original was quite good considering its time period and content ,  i felt it was worth watching more than once .  this being 2008 ,  i had high hopes for what they would do with this film .  computers ,  gaming ,  terror ,  military over-zealousness have all grown so much since the time of the first film ,  and  " wargames :  the dead code "  had an opportunity to bring it all into a great flick .   the movie failed on pretty much every level ,  but i particularly blame the writers and anyone who had any input regarding the realism of gaming aspects .   " the dead code "  was a 1990's air flight simulator with a few people on the ground waving their arms .  meanwhile ,  will farmer is button mashing about 7 , 000 commands -- none of which are impacting what is happening on the screen .  until finally he  " wins "  by clicking a box on the screen with his mouse that release gas that instantly kills 20 , 000 virtual people  ( nobody is near the gas )  .  because he beat 5 levels in 15 minutes ,  this tells ripley  ( the real life war machine )  that he is a high level terror threat .   even though any 5-16 year old could complete this same task - the government believes he is a lethal threat to humanity .  they say things like  " he has expert knowledge of bio-terror "   .  .  .  he displayed less knowledge than someone who read the first 3 paragraphs of the wiki entry on bio-terror .  so then a movie-long chase scene with about  . 01% of the budget and excitement of any of the bourne titles ensues .  they have about 1000 opportunities to catch him and clear up the entire matter .  .  sometimes they are mad they barely miss him .  .  but other times they masterfully create opportunities just let him go intentionally to follow him .   ugh .  .  .  i would write more .  .  but i already wasted 1 . 5 hours watching this ,  i would rather watch the broderick and joshua play tic-tac-toe for 1 . 5 hours . 
i don't know what else to say about this horrible movie that hasn't already been said .  honestly i have only myself to be angry with .  i should have know better when i saw the title of this movie that it would be a horrible piece of crap ,  but i loved war games so i indulged my whim .  i will live to regret that decision the rest of my life .  from the very start when the government people explained that their super computer could determine who a terrorist was just by how well they played a video game i knew i was in for a ride though the land-that-good-writing-forgot .  the list of very ,  very ,  very bad plot lines ,  dialog ,  and acting is so long i would crash imdb if i tried to post it .  to those people who said that they have seen worst movies than this one please tell me .  i am actually curious to see something that could top this steaming pile of horse dung . 
let's face it-- if you rented a stdvd sequel of a forgotten 80's gem ,  and expected it to be better than the aforementioned ,  then you are an idiot .  wargames :  the dead code joins the long running list of unnecessary sequels that the dvd market has filled so easily .  movies like this don't need spoilers ,  because you already know them .   the  " plot "  for this  " film "  ,  is as follows :  nerd meets girl ;  girl likes nerd ;  nerd likes girl ;  nerd gets accidentally involved with top secret government computer ;  nerd and girl go to another country ;  nerd and girl end up being persecuted by government suits in the other country ;  nerd and girl meet some important old guy that dies at key point in the  " film "  ;  nerd and girl are captured ;  the top secret government computer gets crazy ;  nerd is hired to beat top secret government computer ;  nerd beats top secret computer by using the same old top secret computer from the first wargames  " film "  ;  nerd saves the day ;  nerd gets laid .    the end .   the acting ,  script ,  effects ,  score ,  and cinematography are what you would expect-- b-grade .  some familiar faces are in here ,  and unless you are a mega fan of colm feore ,  then you should avoid this one .  granted ,  the movie won't make you insane enough to eat your own toes by seeing it ,  so if you like cheap looking stdvd sequels ,  then you are right at home .   sadly ,  mathew broderick was too involved with some  " masterpiece "  ,  that he couldn't even do a five second cameo in this one .  but can you blame him ? 
i didn't enjoy this film .  i thought the acting wasn't very good and the story was boring .  a 20year old computer saving the day ?  i thought that this was just slightly far fetched ,  even for a film .  i couldn't figure out why they couldn't just turn it off ,  why not take a sledgehammer to it .   its a shame ,  but after the original film from the 80s you expected so much more than what was actually delivered .  this film could have been a 21st century version of the old film ,  it wasn't .  if that is what you want to watch ,  do not watch this film !    even if the old computer hadn't have turned up to save day ,  this would still ,  in my opinion ,  be a very very cheesy flick .  . 
the oddly-named vera-ellen was to movie dancing what sonja henie was to movie ice-skating :  blonde ,  girlish ,  always delightful to watch ,  but not an especially good actress and usually lumbered with weak material .  when i watch vera-ellen's sexy apache dance with gene kelly in 'words and music' ,  i can't help noticing that her blouse  ( yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes )  seems to be made out of the south vietnam flag .  for some reason ,  the very american vera-ellen starred in *two* musicals  ( made several years apart )  set in edinburgh ,  a city not noted for its tap-dancers :  'let's be happy' and 'happy go lovely' .   in the latter ,  cesar romero plays an american impresario who for some reason is staging a musical in edinburgh .  there's a vague attempt to link this show to the edinburgh festival ,  which is nonsense :  the festival is not a showcase for splashy leg-shows .  we also see a couple of stock shots of the royal mile :  apart from a few highland accents ,  there's absolutely no attempt to convey scottish atmosphere in this movie .  the funniest gag occurs at the very beginning ,  when we learn that the title of romero's show is 'frolics to you' :  this is a cheeky pun that britons will get and yanks won't .   vera-ellen is ,  as usual ,  cute and appealing and an impressive dancer ,  but the very few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad .  the plot -- mistaken identity between magnate david niven and reporter gordon jackson -- is brainless ,  though no more so than the plots of several dozen hollywood musicals .  romero is less annoying than usual here ,  probably because  ( for once )  he isn't required to convince us that he's interested in bedding the heroine .   the single biggest offence of this movie is its misuse of bobby howes .  the father of sally ann howes was a major star of west end stage musicals ;  his wistful rendition of  " she's my lovely "  was a big hit in britain in 1937 .  here ,  he shows up in several scenes as romero's dogsbody but never has a chance to participate in a musical number ,  nor even any real comedy .  it's absolutely criminal that this movie -- with a title containing the word 'lovely' ,  sure to evoke howes's greatest hit -- would cast a major british musical star but give him nothing to do !   the delightful character actress ambrosine phillpotts  ( whom i worked with once )  shines in one restaurant sequence ,  and there's a glimpse of the doomed beauty kay kendall .  as vera-ellen's confidante ,  somebody named diane hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices i've ever heard :  it sounds like an attempt to imitate joan greenwood and glynis johns both at the same go ,  but doesn't match either .  val guest has a story credit ,  but this movie doesn't come up to the quality of his brilliant comedies .  the colour photography is wretched ,  though i realise that postwar britain could not afford hollywood's process work .  'happy go lovely' is at utmost best a pleasant time-waster ,  with 'waster' being the operative word .  i'll rate this movie just 4 out of 10 . 
will farmer  ( lanter )  plays a computer game that simulates a terrorist attack ,  and ripley ,  the super government computer ,  designed to profile potential terrorists ,  tracks him because will borrowed  ( by hacking )  some money from his next door neighbor's bank account to pay for a class trip to play chess in philadelphia .  the next door neighbor whose computer will was fixing ,  has relatives in the mid-east who thru their bank send money to the neighbor's bank  ,  and ripley sees a terrorist connection .  ripley has the power to call up missile strikes .  oh ,  oh !   this version of war games has a much faster pace and more aggressiveness than the war games movie in the early 1980s .  well ,  the electronic industry has so much more to work with these days .  makes sense .  so the movie dazzles us with fantastic cgi on computer screens ,  and once joshua ,  the forerunner to ripley ,  is found operational ,  we are left with watching computer against computer and the humans are cringing ,  hoping ,  praying . sort of ,  oh-oh-ing ,  omg-ing ,  and more cringing hoping things will go their way .  in other words we are now experiencing a made-for-tv type movie ,  and it's oh hum time .  go back to the 1980s and watch the original war games movie .  it's much better .    but ,  we really have to ask ourselves :  are we making computers too intelligent where one day ,  in time ,  they will rule us ?  hmmm .  .   violence :  yes .  sex :  no .  nudity :  no .  language :  no . 
if you thought that the original from 83 was bad then try out this modern day masterpiece .  how could it be worse more you ask ?  well .  .  . at least in the first one you had ally sheedy jogging in a sports bra .  other than updated graphics ,  modern day themes  ( such as terrorists )  ,  modern weapons and a sexy new voice for ripley unfortunately this is the same sad tired story .  anyone that saw the first one could see exactly where the next scene / line in the story was going .  and for anyone that didn't see the first one .  .  . well consider yourself lucky that you only watched it once .  maybe in another 23 years hollywood will try again . 
a below average looking video game is turned into some sort of conspiracy to have the next terrorist discovered in the usa backyard .  welcome to the lunacy of cheaply made direct to video movies .  its full of no-name actors and actresses with little valuable plot .   anyway ,  this strange game goes on and our  " hero "  bets real money and does good at it .  it is sort of like gambling ,  except the gambling part is gone and it sucks .  instead its an online game with little real value and you get authorities on your tail if you do good .   what makes it even stranger is that two strange computer programs battle it out somehow and all is saved in the end .  i will leave the viewer to see how it all comes to fruition .   overall ,  not even worth a $1 rental .  borrow it ,  please .   " d- " 
i can't believe i watched this expecting more .  it starts out ok .  this movie pushes the limits of reality way to far !  !  at least the first one was somewhat realistic .  it rips off the first movie and even mentions the joshua project .  anyone who knows anything about computers will hate this movie .  it does have one good message in it though ,  watch out for big brother !  !  !  the movie just makes it seem like big brother is way bigger than he actually is in reality .  that was very aggravating .  even the make-up on the actors was completely bad .  some of the acting is pretty good .  some of the acting is really bad though .  the script was ok at some points and completely messed up at other parts .  this movie plays on convenience about every five minutes .  like i said ,  i can't believe i watched it expecting more .  i think i am gonna pop in the original to get back to earth .  .  . q
i wondered why john wood was not playing dr .  falken until i watched the film .  bad plot ,  bad science ,  bad acting and overall a bad film .  please don't watch this film .  rent the original  " war games "  if you are feeling nostalgic .   i didn't like the bending of the plot to beat-the-terrorist-threat idea either .  in the first film w . o . p . r was built because russia had 1000s of warheads pointed at the u . s . a .  in this film the idea behind the computer was to kill terrorist in training before they are a threat .  politics aside ,  one of the good thing about the first film was the highlighting that even a stupid computer could grasp the idea of the pointlessness of war in the end .  no such insight is offered in this film . 
after highlander 2  ( which i am still in denial about )  ,  i thought is was impossible to make a sequel that could make me cry because it was so bad .  i was wrong .  i loved the original wargames ,  however ,  this movie is inaccurate with computer details and details about the original movie .  the original wargames at least had some hacks that worked .  whoever wrote this movie knew nothing about computers except how to use a word processor .  i doubt he or she even watched the original movie .  the acting isn't even convincing .  please save yourselves ,  under no circumstances watch this movie .  i don't care if the channel is stuck on the tv and you can't turn the tv off .  this movie will ruin your life . 
this is one of the worse movies that i have ever seen in my entire life .  i wish i could travel back in time and do the following :   1 )  find out where the  " movie "   " war games- the dead code "  was filmed 2 )  watch the original war games with my current computer knowledge and the eyes of a 1983 preteen .  3 )  break into the pentagon computer in the 80's with the knowledge and perspective learned and remembered .  4 )  reprogram the whopper to nuke the location of the dead code minutes prior to its first day of filming 5 )  come back to the present ,  have a beer and get will smith and tommy lee jones to  " flash "  my memory blank of the whole event ,  especially my original viewing of  " the dead code "  6 )  have another beer and watch wars games 7 )  be happy until the next bad remake of a good 80's movie .   8 )  did i forget the have jar jar killed .  i am not sure if i would have to travel into the future for that .  maybe i need access to a wormhole . 
just plain good old stupid .    i mean really stupid ,  not the good stupid like killer tomatoes ,  or ed wood movies ,  this is probably the most stupid movie i ever have seen .  to give this movie an golden turkey is an insult to turkeys .  to call this movie dumb is offensive even to dumb people .   if this is the future of american cinema and art we are better off to really start world war 3 and 4 at the same time and let the cockroaches run the show after .    now i have to get drunk to wash this insult to my single braincell off .  .  .  .   this is a really good movie if you are suicidal . 
no wonder this was released straight to dvd here in australia ,  no redeeming features what so ever .  the dialog was hokey ,  the acting ,  awful and the script sucked !  !  whoever thought it would be a good idea to do a sequel or follow up to the far superior john badham film ,  wargames from the 80s ,  well they must of been on something cause it was a bad idea !  !  amanda walsh was good in it as the eye candy/love interest ,  while matt lanter was good as the other main lead- that is about it .  i would not recommend wargames :  the dead code to anyone ,  check out hackers or the original wargames film- both are better than this piece of crap !  ! 
this is the worst ,  and i mean the worst computers based movie i have ever seen .  the whole plot is totally unconvincing and full of stupidity .    i mean .  .  .   the guy in this movie can actually speak with computer as a real person .  now you probably think this must be some super cool high-tech computer ,  well  ,  it is ,  but he does it also with other very poor and weak computer which does not even have graphic interface .   and the main idea how to overload the  " super "  computer by connecting to it via computer game on the net is really stupid .  my mobile phone will shut the lighting down to preserve the energy but apparently this genius computer cant decide whether to use its resources to deal with national security threats or to load computer games .   there are also some other bad things about it but i just don't have time for this .   i just cant believe someone could actually record movie stupid as this
i don't think any player in hollywood history lasted as long as david niven did given most of the weak films he had to carry by dint of his incredible charm .  he could act ,  got an oscar for it ,  but most of the material he did was as light as one ply of two ply tissue paper .   happy go lovely is a case in point .  it's a musical and for the most part you'll remember vera-ellen's dancing .  you'll remember that they are in scot's costume as the film is set in edinburgh during their festival .  but if you can recall a single song from it you must have a photographic memory .   the plot is light .  vera-ellen is the american lead in a musical that apparently is getting its out of town tryout in edinburgh .  she starts in the chorus and runs late one day .  she gets a lift from the chauffeur of a millionaire greeting card king .  everybody now assumes she's the main squeeze of the millionaire .  doors open up as they've never opened before .   the millionaire is david niven and he goes along with it and the various situations that are engendered by the mistake .  cesar romero has some good moments here as the frantic producer of this musical .   in the end though happy go lovely is light and harmless fluff which david niven did so much of and got so tired of . 
you have to understand ,  when wargames was released in 1983 ,  it created a generation of wannabe computer hackers .  the idea that a teenager could do anything of far reaching proportions ,  let alone deter a world war was novel and thrilling .  real computers were beginning to show up in people's homes ,  and for the first time ,  society was becoming interconnected in a way that made the movie's premise excitingly prescient .  granted ,  a talking computer that balanced it's free time between chess and global thermonuclear war was a bit far fetched ,  but the brilliant commentary on nuclear proliferation and the cold war made up for it .  i've probably even heard of the hackers that this movie was actually based on .   fast forward 25 years ,  and we have a horrible mutant of a thing that i loathe to call a  " sequel "  ,  called wargames :  the dead code .  i'll just dig right in .  first of all ,  the plot hinges on a government operated gambling site where folks who win the games automatically become terror suspects .  you're probably very confused right now .  the idea is that eventually the terrorist will click on the sub-game within the web site called  " the dead code "  where they pilot a plane over a city ,  spraying it with bioweapons .  at some point in the game ,  you have to choose between  " sarin gas "  and  " anthrax "  ,  and if you choose  " sarin "  ,  then you're automatically confirmed as a bioterrorism weapons expert and your family is taken into custody and interrogated .  in the movie ,  this actually happens .  however ,  since the payment for the game was made from a bank account that was suspicious ,  it obviously all makes sense .   second ,  the avatar of the ai in this straight-to-dvd bomb is an annoying flash animation that keeps repeating the pop-up-ad-esquire sound bite  " play with me baby "  .  because apparently in the future ,  advanced ai loses interest in intellectual pursuits like chess ,  and gets into porn .   third ,  the motivation for these  " hackers "  is profit and women ,  as opposed to pure curiosity as in the original movie .  for some reason ,  recent hacker movies feel the need to portray all young adults as average surfer dude kind of people who are just like everyone else .  that may work for your average sitcom ,  but c'mon ,  you don't learn how to take over government computers by doing your hair ,  playing sports ,  and shopping at the mall ,  folks .  the one novel thing i noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to a matt damon movie ,  and then later there is the phrase ,   " good hunting ,  will "  .  i swear ,  they named the main character will just for that phrase so they could send a high five to mr .  damon .  this will kid isn't bad ,  but he was certainly wasn't like any obsessive hacker i've ever met .  i can't fully state how annoyed i am that this movie shares the same name as the original ,  because it has absolutely nothing in common with it except professor falken and joshua  ( wopr )  make a reappearance in this movie ,  as a limp old man who apparently is dying of boredom ,  and a dilapidated old tic-tac-toe machine with a higher pitched voice .  after some prodding ,  joshua  ( the ai )  has what appears to be sex with the new ai with the porn voice ,  a bunch of board games flash on the big screens ,  and the whole  " the only way to win ,  is not to play "  revelation is supposed to be the crowning moment .  except that those of us who saw the original ,  you know ,  those who would want to see this in the first place have already been there and done that .  a recycled ending for a movie made from last month's compost .   the new movie was directed by a guy who's done 90210 ,  and written by guys who do b movies .  the original was directed by a guy who's been keeping himself busy with  " heroes "  ,  so you see the quality difference there .  there was talk of a real remake ,  but i hope they don't destroy this classic all over again .  i swear ,  if i have to ,  i'll visit every gambling web site until i find the one that's run by a psychotic government computer .  the saving grace is that i was able to stream this on netflix ,  so at least the only energy i expended watching this disaster was for breathing ,  clicking ,  and indigestion . 
this movie is mostly chase scenes and special effects .  it is very weak on plot .  most of the computer talk was just mumbo-jumbo .  i watched this because i was a big fan of the original war games movie which was based mostly on computer fact and real computer terminology .  this movie had none of that .  most of the computer scenes were not only impossible and highly unrealistic of real computers and networks ,  but just lame .  it is like it was written by somebody who has no comprehension of real computers .   the ripley game was lame and was essentially just an arcade game .  no real hacking ,  so what was the point ?  movie was boring .  lame sequel . 
i really didn't have high expectations and i must admit that i wasn't disappointed .  this movie is so terrible that i felt obligated to register an account here at imdb just to warn others not to waste their time .  the storyline is terrible and you keep asking yourself throughout the movie  " can it get any worse ?  "  yes ,  it can !  somehow they manage to make it worst by every minute and you end up thinking  " i want my 1 hour 35 minutes back !  "  .  somebody got to pay for this !    i dare you to find a movie which is worst that this .  .  .   i really didn't have high expectations and i must admit that i wasn't disappointed .  this movie is so terrible that i felt obligated to register an account here at imdb just to warn others not to waste their time .  the storyline is terrible and you keep asking yourself throughout the movie  " can it get any worse ?  "  yes ,  it can !  somehow they manage to make it worst by every minute and you end up thinking  " i want my 1 hour 35 minutes back !  "  .  somebody got to pay for this !    i dare you to find a movie which is worst that this .  .  . 
i thought this was a sequel of some sorts ,  and it is meant to be to the original from 1983 .  but a sequel is not taking the original plot and destroying it .   i actually had very little expectations to this movie ,  but i just wasted 95 minutes of life .  no suspense - i actually feel clairvoyant ,  poor acting ,  and so filled with technical errors ,  so i as a computer geek just couldn't believe it .  they have tried to make it a mix between a generic war movie and 24 hours .  but this is not even worthy of a low budget tv movie .   do not see this movie ,  this is a complete waste of time .  instead get the original .  the theme is still valid .  don't let to much power into a machine .  and the acting and plot is far more exiting and compelling . 
i'll try to use words to describe this on .  .  .  .    i saw the original ,  which was good in its own way ,  but back then i should have feared a sequel .   and i was 'afraid' when i picked this one up ,  but now that i've seen it ,  i have to say ,  it's even worse then i thought .  why these movies still get money still makes my mind spin .    let's start with the actors ; they aren't all that good ,  but it has to be said ,  some make heads turn by being just plain awful .  but what can an actor do with a script like this one .  it's trying to be a copy of the original only this time the places have changed ,  any form of story is gone and any attempt of actually coming up with something that hasn't been done before ,  fails miserably .  in a futile attempt to get it up-to-date ,  they try to make it exciting by making use of the whole 'big-brother' theme  ,  but that has been worn out ages ago and offers nothing but a filler for between the beginning and the end .  an attempt was made to try to save the movie by making a ton of references to the '83 original ,  but it just ended up being plain funny and sometimes a bit sad .  in conclusion ,  if you have nothing  ,  and i mean nothing  ,  to do .  .  .  go watch it ,  or play frisbee .  .  .  with the dvd .  .  .  .  by yourself .  it'll offer you the same amount of fun .  .  i promise
thank god i watched this at a friend's place and did not pay for it .  the plot is horribly transparent and the whole movie felt like an episode of a tv show .  if you have any knowledge of computers or electronics ,  watch out .  you will feel feel like the movie is an insult to your intelligence .    also ,  actress turned much music vj amanda walsh displays the worst acting i have ever seen ,  excluding porn .  she's lucky that matt lanter is actually decent .  he's the one that carries the movie .    i hate that i wasted nearly two hours of my life watching this movie !  it's a shame that they got to call it a sequel ,  because i was a fan of the original ,  which was actually pretty good . 
like many others have commented before me here ,  i have to say that this movie is bad ,  but not the worst i've seen .  there will be no direct references to movie plots or sequences in this comment ,  because i hate spoilers .   i got a feeling i was watching an episode of a tv show or something ,  where they had gotten a hold of some extra $$$ to spend on cgi  ( i've seen worse of those )  .  .  .  all in all ,  it is quite an insult to the viewer ,  at least if you have any knowledge about computers and/or technology at all .  there are just too many of these moments of insults to make me feel comfortable ,  and i found myself just begging for it all to end - fast - halfway through .  in addition ,  there are countless  " easy way out "  scenarios ,  which also is an insult to your intelligence as a thinking human being .  .  .   this movie absolutely fades in comparison to the old  " wargames "  ,  and i think it's a damn shame they even got to call it a sequel .   two stars from me ,  because of one thing and one thing only :  the actors' performances aren't half-bad ,  considering the regurgitated crap of a script they had to work with .  still ,  they should never have signed on to this movie .  not really a career-move ,  but i guess we all have bills to pay .   to those of you who gave this movie top score .  .  . you have to be on the studio's payroll or something ,  that's my only explanation .   to all who haven't seen this one :  by all means ,  watch it and make up your own mind .  but lower your expectations to the floor  ( and then some )  . 
it's amazing that this movie turns out to be in one of my hitlists after all .  it is by far the number 1 worst movie i have ever seen .   not only have i ever been this bored before  ( luckily not for more then 1 , 5 hours )  ,  the pre-adolescent attempts at humor that feature it are not even close to getting but one of the corners of my mouth slightly tilted .  after the first very awkward part ,  you tend to hope that the other parts will be at least slightly better .  you hope in vain ,  it only goes downhill from there .   the movie has no story worth telling whatsoever and repeats this non-story three times .  one can only hope that by some miracle all remaining copies of this movie are lost forever and trent harris never lays his hands on a camera again .  .  . 
i think this could've been a decent movie ,  and some of its parts are ok .  .  .  but in whole it's a b movie .  same about the plot ,  parts are ok but it has several holes and oddities that doesn't quite add up .  acting is mostly ok ,  i've seen worse of this too .   :  )   the beginning sets the level ,  with cars driving in the desert ,  making  " cool "  but totally unnecessary jumps through some small dunes  ( in slow motion !  cool !  )  ,  like the drivers had never seen sand before .  .  .  it gets slightly better from there ,  but not much .   if you're gonna rent this ,  get another one too and use this one as a warm-up .  keep expectations low and it might work for you . 
this is loosely based on the ideas of the original 80's hit  .  it's set in the modern day as we see a base in afghanistan get destroyed by a uav right at the start .   and that's exactly where the movie jumps the shark .  uav's aren't armed .  they could be but i don't think it's ever been tried for real .  we get to see the computer that has masterminded this operation ,  called r . i . p . l . e . y .  we are introduced to  " hacker "  will farmer  ( he's good at chemistry & electronics which doesn't make him a computer hacker )  & his love interest ,  annie )  & will's 1st attempt at hacking is not only a complete failure his ip address is also logged and annie guessed who it was .  we also meet wills mom who works for a chemical company .   wills taking money from his neighbours bank account  ( mr massude )  isn't a hack  ( he helped him set up the account )  ,  we then get a nod back to the original movie where they decide against playing global thermonuclear war & they play the dead code .  the trace the ripley office are running is not on will but on massude's pc so all the evidence they were gathering was useless against will .   exactly why ripley shut will's machine down isn't explained  ( he's only playing an online game ?  )  & also why it felt the need to have to shut down all the electricity in the entire block he lived in as well .  why a counter terrorism agency would see this as a viable target is extremely questionable .  as for ripley activating his mobile phone ?  i think not ,  it wasn't connected to the pc and the message wouldn't play unless he actually answered the phone so there's more bad  " hacking "  science there too .   ripley agents arrive at massude's home ,  take him away & will is given a envelope which turns out to contain a lot of money .  will searching for the licence plate of the car that took massude isn't a  " hack "  as you never see him break into the dmv computer .  the ripley agents who grab dennis in the airport as he's looking for will have no authority to arrest or detain him .  will's mother hadn't  " been stealing chemicals & bio agents "  either .  and even if she did they had no right to arrest or detain dennis .  patriot act or not .   i don't know why will was worried about being arrested for any crime in canada as its a totally different country with different laws to the us .   the computer has gone rogue and all the action its taken against will ,  his mother & dennis wasn't sanctioned by a government agency .  the phone phreak we see will do is the 1st show of any hacking skill in the movie ,  we also get a hack into ripley which seemed too easy for such a powerful system .   the  " guy "  who ran into annie at the airport & was also watching them in the street was nothing to do with ripley & the laughable notion that ripley could track a cellphone whilst underground was as stupid as the idea that a computer reads lips .   another reference to the original movie when they mention stephen falken as the designer of the system ripley replaced ,  the joshua project .  we discover that the  " guy "  who ran into annie is falken  ( not played by the original actor sadly )  who faked his own death .   we also get to see wopr as  " what's going to help "  them beat ripley and they kept the same voice used back then .  falken & wopr are destroyed too quickly after being hardly used at all  ( the same explosion should kill will ,  annie & the russian .  it's also unlikely they'd create a self-contained computer system that has the ability to nuke or drop chemical weapons on the country it operates out of .   the whole  " decontamination "  plot & idea are totally unbelievable .  those kinds of orders would have to go through the president or joint chiefs of staff .  so yet another laughable & unbelievable idea .   the ip hacks against ripley aren't done by will ,  he just contacts one of his friends who suggests & implements the idea .  it's excessively laughable that will would get a login just from increasing ripley's operating temperature .  having joshua as a backdoor into ripley  ( especially after it had been blown to bits )  is an incredible cop-out and screams of a very desperate writer who had no ideas left and wanted to get this movie over and done with .   there is an awful good where ripley is playing dead code and we see a countdown  ( saying 17 minutes )  then ripley says  " decontamination in 30 minutes "  ,  how crap is that when they can't even keep up with their own timer ?  ripley's attack mission against philadelphia is halted  ( far too easily in my opinion )  and it decides to attack joshua in its internal circuits and reroutes the missile aimed a philly to washington where ripley is stationed .  the idea of the nuclear exchange to make ripley realise what she's doing won't work  ( surely she'd already know if she had joshua insider her as he'd already learnt this lesson in the original movie ?  )  is yet another nod back to the original movie .   their cop-out at having ripley repeat joshua's exact same words form the end of the original movie just goes to show how many original ideas they were unable to come up with .   if you want to point fingers for bad & stolen ideas the men to blame are randall badat & rob kerchner .  this is an awful movie and is best avoided . 
some people seem to think this was the worst movie they have ever seen ,  and i understand where they're coming from ,  but i really have seen worse .   that being said ,  the movies that i can recall  ( ie the ones i haven't blocked out )  that were worse than this ,  were so bad that they physically pained every sense that was involved with watching the movie .  the movies that are worse than war games 2 are the ones that make you want to gouge out your eyes ,  or stab sharp objects in your ears to keep yourself from having another piece of your soul ripped away from you by the awfulness .   war games :  the dead code isn't that bad ,  but it comes pretty close .  yes i was a fan of the original ,  but no i wasn't expecting miracles from this one .  let's face it the original wasn't really that great of a movie in the first place ,  it was basically just a campy 80s teen romance flick with some geek-appeal to it .   that's all i was hoping for ,  something bad ,  but that might have tugged at my geek-strings .  was that too much to ask for ?  is it really not possible to do better than the original war games ,  even for a straight to video release ?  well apparently that was too much to ask for .  stay away from this movie .  at first it's just bad ,  like  " oh yeah ,  this is bad ,  but i'm kind of enjoying it ,  maybe the end will be good like in the original .  "  and then it just gets worse and worse ,  and by the end ,  trust me ,  you will wish you had not seen this movie . 
i can't say that wargames :  the dead code is the worst movie i've ever seen ,  as it had one or two decent moments ,  but i can easily say it's the most transparent movie i've ever seen .  not once did a plot device present itself without me guessing it 10+ minutes in advance .  there was no subtlety to anything the movie did ,  no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes .  every spoken or typed line's intent was so glaringly obvious it was impossible to  " get into "  the movie .   i found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line ,  and the bumbled attempts to reclaim the audience ,  far more often than i found myself enjoying the movie . 
i see a lot of movies .  saw the original wargames years ago and loved it .  computers where still  " a big mystery "  for the most of us and the movie was convincing ,  in it's own way .   this one ,  however ,  looks like a low budget wednesday night special .  total crap ,  from start to finish .   the plot is so weak ,  you won't believe it until you see the movie  ( which i would not recommend in the first place )  .  i can not point out one actor that actually did a good job in this movie .  but hey ,  with that script i would've been surprised if anyone could do a good job acting .  lots of cliché scenes .  cgi looks like it's taken out of the '86 version .   bah ,  no ,  i'm getting in a bad mood just writing about this .  do not watch this movie .   life's to short to waste it on watching crappy movies . 
it happened with assault on prescient 13 in 2005 ,  it happened with the lost boys in 2008 and now it's happened with another classic from the 80's wargames .  .  .   :  (  why ,  oh why ,  oh why won't hollywood ever learn ?  leave them alone .  .  .  !  they can't be remade .  .  .  !  they suck .  .  .  .  !  we all hate them .  .  .  .  !  .   those of you who haven't seen the original 1983 version with matthew broderick & ally sheedy ,  go rent/buy it now .  .  .  .  !  !  the hardware may look dated ,  the special effects are not new millennium but it still beats this rubbish hands down .  .  .  .   for those of us who lived through the 80's when hacking was sexy ,  the internet was something mysterious and your disks came as a 8 "  floppy variety ,  well we now possess the wisdom to avoid this film like a thermonuclear war !    never before has  " a nice game of chess "  seemed the better option .  .  .  . 
wow .  .  . this has got to be the dumbest movie i've ever seen .  we watched it in english class .  .  . and this movie made absolutely no sense .  i would never ,  ever watch this movie again .  .  . and my sympathy to those who have ever paid to see it . 
certainly not horrible ,  but definitely not good .   cry ,  the beloved country  ( 1995 )  was directed by darrell roodt and written for the screen by ronald harwood  ( adapted from the 1946 novel by alan paton )  .  starring james earl jones and richard harris .   the film is about pre-apartheid south africa ,  and the stories of a black man and a white man intertwining .  the pious but naive preacher stephen kumalo  ( james earl jones )  receives a letter from johannesburg saying that he must come immediately ;  he later finds that his son has killed a man .  the rich farmer/landowner james jarvis  ( richard harris )  finds that his son ,  a fighter for black rights ,  was the one killed by kumalo's son .  in this they connect .   i cannot compare it to the 1951 film of the same name ,  for i have not seen it .  or the 1974 musical titled lost in the stars for i have also not seen it ;  both look better than this one .  but cry freedom ,  on the other hand ,  i have seen ;  it has a much more urgent air to it ,  like it actually is trying to say something where the film cry ,  the beloved country seems to have no idea where it is going .  very  " wishy-washy "  .  i refuse to compare the film to the novel  ( except that i did enjoy the novel more than i enjoyed the film )  because novels and films are two extremely different media and there is no point in trying to transfer directly one to the other or compare them via the same means .   frankly ,  this movie blew .  well ,  i guess it wasn't that bad ,  --five-out-of-ten ,  -- but it wasn't that good either .  both of the leads ,  both very capable actors pull some of the most wooden performances i have seen with some of the most awkward dialogue in film history  ( but that can be blamed on he screenwriter ,  ronald harwood ,  who is also oddly off is game with this film ,  having also written the sublime the pianist ,  and being julia )  .  among other things the point and themes of the novel are lost almost entirely in its transition to film for the third time ;  there is little ,  if any ,  tension with any moment of the film ,  racially or suspensefully .  the music doesn't help .  the painfully misplaced and boringly pastoral orchestra tracks really help with this dulling down of the film .  one upside is the cinematography ,  with many rather good or great shots ,  but unfortunately ,  this does not help the film too much .   the last ,  striking words of alan paton's novel are displayed in the last moments of the film .  it is too bad that they seem to be so disconnected from the film that was just shown .  i don't know what nelson mandela might have seen in this film .   thanks for your time . 
for the first time in years ,  i've felt the need to log into imdb today to cleanse myself of this movie by writing a review ,  because it was just such a let-down to watch .  the plot sounded awesome when i read it ,  i expected a minimal mystery thriller ,  a claustrophobic phantom hunt .  unfortunately ,  it all gets watered down so bad by a mundane ,  tiring love story and too many contrived and teeth-gnashingly stupid  " no-one-says-things-like-this-except-in-bad-movies " -dialogs that it's just agonizing .   here's a quick run down of the worst offenses of this piece of film :    - the script relies so heavily on coincidences and the inexplicable and inexcusable stupidity of the main characters that it's just laughable .  no ,  actually ,  it's angering .  and lazy .   - related to that :  cheap thrills .  a long parade  " just in time "  moments .   - the main characters .  alright ,  it seems that the screenwriter has never experienced actual human beings in real life ,  but instead has gained all his knowledge from bad movies .  thus ,  his characters are boring ,  lifeless second generation clichés .  they are mere plot-devices ,  place-holders without the slightest bit of personality .  they are  " man and woman in break-up who still love each other "  .  never seen that one before except in 100 , 000 movies and it's not getting any more realistic or enjoyable .  think of the blandest two-dimensional hollywood fare and you've got it .  there is not one character in this movie that is even remotely fresh ,  charming ,  or interesting .   - the far-fetched ,  vague resolution that's swaying very bad and needs just one nudge to topple ,  though the word  " resolution "  might be ill-fitting here ,  because the movie is a swampy mess that isn't going anywhere anyway .  by the time you're through ,  though ,  you don't care anymore .  the last third of the movie i just fast-forwarded ,  because it was just so unbearable to watch .   okay ,  that's it .  whatever redeeming features this movie has ,  it all gets buried under incompetence .  don't watch this turd . 
someone ,  some day ,  should do a study of architecture as it figures in horror films ;  of all those explorations of weirdly laid out mansions ,  searches for secret passageways and crypts ,  trackings of monsters through air ducts ,  and so forth .  offhand i can recall only a few films in which architecture played a major role throughout-- " demon seed ,  "   " cube ,  "  the remake of  " thirteen ghosts " --but it's at the heart of every story about a spooky house or church or crypt ;  it's all about the character and the affect of spaces ,  passages ,  and walls .  so i was looking forward to this thriller where it promised to be central .  the idea is this :  an architect has built--actually ,  rebuilt--for himself a huge and rambling house ;  his wife has just left him ,  mainly because of his own self-centeredness ,  but also ,  it is intimated ,  because she can't get used to the place since he remodeled it .  living in unaccustomed solitude  ( real this time ,  rather than virtual )  ,  he comes to suspect that somebody else--a stranger who had come to the door one evening asking to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared--is living into the house with him ;  only the place is big enough so that he never sees him .   this is a good start for a melodrama ,  whose development one would expect to follow some such lines as these :  after searching the house for the intruder a few times without success ,  the architect resorts to his blueprints to undertake more systematic searches ,  trying in various ways to surprise ,  intercept ,  or ambush the intruder ,  maybe by means of some special features he built into the structure .  meanwhile the intruder has discovered hiding places and back ways between places that the architect didn't foresee or doesn't remember .  the movie would turn into a cat-and-mouse game ,  a hunt ,  a battle ;  and finally ,  in trying to trap the intruder ,  the architect himself would end up trapped in his own creation ,  in some way he didn't expect .  then he would be forced to think himself out of it--and maybe at the same time out of his own self-imposed isolation--and in a final twist would nail ,  and maybe even kill ,  the ****er .   nothing like this happens in this movie ;  the house is just a house ,  the architect is just a guy ,  and his nemesis is of an unknown character ,  if he exists at all .  here is what does happen in the movie :  once the intruder is installed in the house--if he is--the architect begins hearing noises ,  but when he goes to investigate finds nothing .  he calls the police ,  they think he's slightly nuts ;  he persuades his estranged wife to spend the night ,  she thinks he's more nuts .  at last ,  more or less accidentally ,  he runs into the intruder  ( doesn't get a good look ,  but figures ,  who else could it be ? --not a hard question ,  in a story with ,  to that point ,  fewer than three principal characters )  ,  whereupon he locks the doors ,  lowers the grills on the windows ,  throws away the key  ( i don't know why he thought this necessary )  ,  and leaves his victim to starve .  i missed why this was a given :  the doors and walls are made of steel ?  in any event ,  the architect takes to sleeping in his car .  and since the idea of the movie has languished undeveloped and cannot now be developed further ,  something else must be devised to take its place .  and this is it :  the architect--are you ready ? --moves into the house of the man who  ( presumably )  moved into his ,  and lives there in the same way .  how is this possible ?  it is not ,  but the movie takes this route to try and make it seem so :  the architect has drawn a picture of the man who came to his door ;  and when he leaves the house he takes the picture with him ;  and while sitting in his car ,  he throws the picture into the street ;  and two kids pick it up and observe that it looks like martin ,  their neighbor ;  whereupon the architect asks where his house is and the kids point the way .   if this sequence seems to verge on the implausible ,  what ensues plunges right in .  the architect takes up residence with martin's wheelchair-ridden wife ,  unbeknownst to her ;  so stealthy in his moves and so cunning in his reading of his hostess that he's able always to leave a room just as she enters or to duck out of sight just as she turns around .  throughout this section the movie is clever in one way ,  making  ( or leaving it to the viewer to make )  the point that his life with this stranger ,  who doesn't know he's there ,  is in essence the same life he lived with his wife ,  as a virtual recluse with her as a convenient buffer .  but at the same time ,  his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into raffles the cat-burglar entirely incredible .  not to go into the series of twists at the end--including another murder achieved by locking someone in behind another invincible door--this one in front of a landing so flimsy that it collapses under the weight of a wheelchair ;  two nice people who take murder in stride ;  and  ( before the story started )  the unnoticed construction of a tunnel under several houses .  .  .  .  to the final ,  long-anticipated twist ,  the movie adds another ,  to make it even more offensive ,  and then .  .  . ends .   here is a story that depends on the development of two things--the idea of the stranger in the house ,  and the character of the man whose house it is--and fumbles both .  the first fumble makes it boring ;  the second made me angry ,  as it pushed its main character farther and farther along a more and more zigzaggy path ,  and never offered any explanation for the character who most required one :  martin the tunnel-builder and sneak-tenant .  the story should be redone by someone ,  some day . 
one of the worst films i have ever had the displeasure of sitting through ,  killer tongue is a horrible melange of the worst elements of the rocky horror picture show ,  brain damage ,  and pulp fiction .  designed primarily to offend ,  apparently ,  but so inane that only the most hidebound conservatives would be taken in by it . 
so ,  i got a hold of this as an assignment for trent harris ,  who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the u of u .  i guess this is his only real way to get anyone to see his film .  .  .   the documentary section at the beginning dragged on .  yes ,  the kid is a nut-job from no where ,  but that's not good enough to keep it interesting .   seeing sean penn dressed as a onj is the only highlight .  .  .  and after about thirty seconds it loses all humor .   when crispin glover takes on larry ,  the story-telling was better ,  but i just couldn't take anymore .  .  . 
not totally off the wall in a good way ,  but just totally stupid .   " killer tongue "  is an uneasy mixture of sci-fi ,  horror ,  and supposed comedy .  what this equates to is a mindless and totally incoherent film .  there is very little dialog ,  mainly due to the fact that the script ,  if there was one ,  is complete  " pond scum "  .  i wouldn't even call it strange ,  more like just  " total nonsense "  .  this movie is certain to disappoint ,  and you have been warned .  there is absolutely no reason to waste time on this ,  and if you do ,  the pungent smell will linger like rotten fish .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  merk
this has to be one of the most outrageously stupid movies i have ever seen in my entire life .  just when i think i have seen the stupidest scene in history ,  along comes an even dumber and more bizarre scene .  i think the transvestite poodles did it for me ,  or better yet ,  her talking tongue .  .  . or perhaps the guy getting the virgin mother statue mounted to a jeep windshield caught in his throat .  decisions ,  decisions .  .  . 
first of all let's start out by saying that robert englund doug bradley and melinda clark should be commended for having to be associated with this piece of drivel .  i had to give this a 1 it wouldn't let me give it a zero .  wanna know how bad this movie is ?  my mom calls me from across town and tells me  " son ,  i just watched the stupidest movie ever .  i responded as saying  " the killer tongue huh ?  "  she was like how did you know that ?  that's how bad this movie is .  i mean it looked like a good movie at first freddy pinhead melinda .  okay i'll give it a chance .  i sat through the rest of this movie only because i wrote a column for reviews of horror movies .  i implore you ,  don't waste your time money or even brain cells on this ludicrous piece of crap .  run away .  far away .  if you see it on the shelf at hollywood video blockbuster or even your local video store ,  turn it around and walk away .  .  .  . and i still want my two hours back dang it
really bad movie .  maybe the worst i've ever seen .  alien invasion ,  a la the blob ,  without the acting .  meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue .  bad plot ,  bad fake tongue .  absurd comedy worth missing .  wash your hair or take out the trash . 
impenetrable rubbish .  this has to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen .  the dialogue is ghastly ,  the horror effects are laughable .  the only thing that kept me watching was the ever-splendid and totally underrated michael cule . 
can a-pix ever ,  ever ,  ever do anything right ?  this movie was meant to be seen on tv in a letterbox format .  since a-pix doesn't even believe in pan and scan ,  we see whole scenes where a shoulder on the left side of the screen talks to a shoulder on the right side .  of course ,  not that you are missing much .  this movie is incredibly bad .  it's very hard to enjoy a film where characters are screaming at the top of their lungs during 80% of the movie for no reason . 
here's a horror version of priscilla :  queen of the desert  ( they wish !  )  starring melinda/mindy  ( return of the living dead 3 )  clarke as candy ,  a desert dweller who pulls off a bank heist with boyfriend johnny  ( jason durr )  .  he ends up in a south-of-the-border prison run by the sadistic chief screw  ( an overacting robert englund in a toupee )  .  she and her beloved pet poodles end up in hiding at a gas station convent until they're transformed by a newly fallen meteor .  the dogs turn into obnoxious drag queen  " bitches "  and candy develops a very long ,  talking ,  killing forked tongue she can't control .  thugs looking for the stolen loot and other assorted numbskulls add extra complications .   first off ,  clarke is fantastic and makes what there is to make of this movie .  you watch her and see someone very funny during the slapstick scenes ,  very convincing during the horror scenes and very sexy in various wigs and disguises ,  including an eye-popping ,  skin tight latex bodysuit .  .  . and wonder how come this actress isn't a huge star .  it's too bad the rest of this cult attempt doesn't live up to her promise .   blame director/scripter sciamma ,  who thinks the outlandish premise alone is enough to sustain laughs .  .  . but his vulgar gags ,  annoying supporting characters and stupid dialogue are no substitute for a real sense of humor .  another nail in the coffin ;  the film looks cheap ,  lots of garish colors and sets are strangely muted by muddy photography and the dusty desert locales .  luckily for sciamma that clarke is in his film ,  because she alone keeps you watching . 
former brat pack actor and all round pretty boy rob lowe stars in a film set in a high security american prison  .  i had a gut feeling his character was going to be popular for all the wrong reasons like tobias in the first series of oz  ,  but proximity isn`t that kind of film  ,  it`s more like a  "  man on the run  "  film like the fugitive  .  it also makes a nod to the themes of punishment and justice with james coburn putting in a cameo as the spokesman for a justice for victims pressure group but any intelligent discussion on how society should treat criminals is completely ignored as the film degenerates into tired old cliches of shoot outs and car chases
that is the only thing i can positive to say about this movie .  cleveland is the star ,  i've been there and never saw the city look this good .  beautiful river and cityscapes .   this movie moves ahead at such a pace they hope you won't notice the lack of real world relevance .  people running around and shooting guns without any consequence .  for example ,  there is a shoot out at rob lowe's character's house- two cars are stolen ,  and yet the cops don't show up there till much later in the movie .  murder for hire never looked so implausible .   whoever wrote this movie should be on the receiving end of one the movies countless stray bullets .  many of the actors in this movie are so much better than this .  i check the date of the movie just to make sure it wasn't written during the writers strike but alas this was not the case .  this movie is currently in rotation on universal's hd channel- unless you want to drool of over lowe there is no reason to watch it . 
how did this become a blockbuster ?  dear god i don't know where to start why this movie sucked too much .  the movie was predictable & there was no originality .  the only thing i can admire is the acting of some characters .  the movie was too bright ,  they should have done something with the lighting ,  eg .  making the environment more darker .  the make up on certain dead characters made this movie look like a 1970 horror flick .  this is 2006 !  people don't get scared by other people wearing heavy make up .  most of the horror scenes we're taken from other hollywood or asian horror movies .  total rip off !  this is why i don't watch tagalog movies .  the only reason why so many people  " screamed "  while watching this movie is because of conformity .  how many times do we have to copy scenes from the ring and improvise it that instead of the girl coming out of the tv ,  its now coming from the window next door ?  no matter how you put it ,  its still a rip off .  if you want a good horror movie ,  go watch the 50 best horror movie listed on this website . 
this thrown together piece of fecal matter adds together so many ludicrous scenarios that in the end it's a laugh riot of absolute hilarity .  too bad as the premise is promising  ( as it so often is in duhllywood )  ,  but in the hands of this scriptwriter it segues off into la la land .    lowe is in prison serving time for a dui that killed off his mistress .  we get to see him having nightmares just so that we know he feels real bad about this .  then his cell mate neighbor hangs himself .  or does he ?  lowe has some suspicions but drops them quickly .  his suspicions are so weak that the bad guys have nothing to worry about .  so why do they then set him up to be killed ?  ah ,  that's where this story could get interesting .  that's where it falls off the rails ,  and once off the rails it decides it can get away with insulting the viewers attention for the next numbing hour .   ****************spoilers****************************  i won't bore with an endless recounting of the irrationality of what follows ,  but contemplate this ending .  lowe has been trapped by the bad guys on a train .  they want a tape he has ,  because that tape will screw their boss ,  and them .  so on to the train come 3 cops ,  guns drawn ,  ready to rescue lowe .  the bad guys kill the cops ,  in front of half the passengers and then .  .  .  . continue chasing lowe to get the tape .  hello !  !  !  !  killing 3 cops in public will get you into deep doodo ,  to hell with the tape .  yet off they go through a mall shooting up the place ,  as if the public did not exist as witnesses ,  and in the end lowe is grabbed and the bad guy still wants the tape !  !  ! 
 " proximity "  tells of a convict  ( lowe )  who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him .  this very ordinary film is an action/drama with a weak plot ;  stereotypical ,  poorly developed characters ;  and a one dimensional performance by lowe .  a forgettable film not worthy of further commentary . 
an uptight voyeur who wants to commit suicide encounters a free spirited bad-seed who has 5 weeks to live and then they're off to discover america .  get the idea ?  there's not an original moment in this whole movie . 
i remember watching this film back in 86' when it first came out & what an awful film .  the acting was atrocious the plot was so flimsy it would or is that should have blew away in a breath of wind .  i think it put me to sleep on more than one occasion & i was not tired that i remember .  please avoid at all costs better still have all your teeth taken out with no anaesthetic cos that would be more entertaining .  it's just a pity i couldn't give it a zero or a negative score .  i wish i had not wasted my money getting this one from the video shop all i can say was that the tape it was on was still brand new practically hardly surprising as the film was so poor .  if i remember right i sat & watched it with a girl i really wanted to go out with & the fact she was sat next to me was still not enough to keep me awake thats how bad this film was . 
following the disasterous revolution ,  this film was pretty much the final nail in the coffin of goldcrest and thus the british film industry .  the film is absolute pants ,  it's full of music from the attempted mid-80's jazz revival and based on a book & author that was briefly popular at that time and has deservedly sank back into obscurity .  temple searched for ages trying to find suzette and came up with 8th wonders patsy kensett another person who was briefly popular at the time .  by the time the film came out of post production the jazz revival was over ,  as was kensett's career and the film met a totally uncaring film public .   mediocre would be an overstatement for some of the worst/campest/cheesiest acting to ever grace the british silver screen watching it almost 20 years on and the film is truely cringeworthy . 
recreation of 1950's  ( london )  soho and the up-and-coming people .  based on a cult novel .   julian temple is a video director .  no more ,  no less .  give him 15 million dollars and he will make you a 15 million dollar pop video .  here he forgets that two minutes with people that can't really act is one thing - but two hours ?  what was he thinking of .  besides who are the audience ?  who cares about a book that was well remembered way-back-when .  the usual london story of the chancer taking his chance .    what could really drag this film even further down ?  oh i know ,  third rate songs that sound like they were made up on the spot .  david bowie crones the film title over and over a few times and that is the highlight .  the soundtrack album is clay pigeon material .   there is one good thing though .  good recreation of period soho .  shame they couldn't think of anything to put in front of it . 
 " absolute beginners "  was a film for the younger generation ,  a multi-time film that discussed the issues that teens were facing in britain and how these troubled ,  constantly hitting each note ,  teen's problems can relate to the youth of tomorrow .  it could have been dubbed the  " moulin rouge "  of the 80s ,  but it disappeared .  it made its very shallow mark on the world ,  snuck under the radar ,  and can now be found collecting dust at either the musical section ,  the comedy section ,  or the politically obscure section of that seedy video store that doesn't need chain money to survive .  alas ,  that wasn't where i found it  but i found it ,  watched it ,  tried my hardest to sing along with it ,  stared into bowie's eyes ,  but found myself faded by the end .  did it not survive the test of time ?  is 1950s london too far removed from our current society ?  is bowie too creepy ?  i think  " absolute beginners "  falls somewhere into each of these questions as the perfect example of cinema that starts out with a bang ,  but withers to a mere sparkle by the end .    " absolute beginners "  opens with a huge number that takes us through the non-gritty streets of london which involve theft nightly ,  prostitutes on every corner ,  dance throughout ,  booze like rivers ,  and the swankiest ties on nearly every individual .  sounds like a place we would all hate to be  right ?  director julien temple keeps the mood light and flashy throughout most of the songs as we attempt to learn something about a plethora of our main characters .  the one we follow most is colin played by eddie o'connell who follows his dreams of being a photographer while shooting his favorite girl ,  suzette  ( played by patsy kensit )  .  these two have chemistry ,  and while suzette looks like a pre-rehab lohan ,  to me they worked .  there was a huge spark between them ,  the chemistry was like lava ,  and i believed that these two could take me down a road i had never traveled .  i was ready  but then ,  something happened .  temple takes us out of the nightlife ,  takes us out of the city we grew up with at the beginning ,  and completely reverses the roles without any dedication to the first .  suzette runs away ,  colin becomes a pervert ,  and bowie  well  i am not quite sure what his role is but he sings amazingly well while climbing a mountain  i can tell you that much .  temple gives us this flashy city ,  this opportunity to see those that inhabit it ,  but leaves us hanging high and dry when it is time to pull the trigger .  we learn about colin ,  mainly ,  but nobody else .  i could probably watch this film again and still be equally confused as to whom is angry at whom ,  and what importance fashion had to that era .  also ,  were they teens really  they all seemed like they were pushing their late 20s ,  but maybe it was my tv .   character development thrown right out the door ,  temple tries to overcompensate by giving us bigger ,  more lavish songs using even more characters that we know nothing about .  one of my favorite songs in the film uses this thought as a prime example .  temple uses a split house to show us the lives of colin's parents  ( of which i didn't know it was them until after the film )  and a song which screams apathy .  great song ,  too many characters ,  not enough time ,  suddenly dragged into another scene of missing coherency ,  and it just falls apart in your hands .  then ,  if that wasn't enough ,  we are rocking our heads to the beat of some great songs ,  rubbing our noggin' trying to understand where our characters are or are going ,  and temple throws in hatred ,  anger ,  and politics into the final act .  while i was hoping that this film would have a dedicated theme ,  i didn't think racism would be on the top of the bill .  suddenly ,  friends are missing ,  people are angry ,  and there is some random guy running around fighting colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of a different race ?  somebody help me out here .  it seemed completely rushed and overwhelming  nearly to the point of wanting to turn the film off .  to me ,  the ending of  " absolute beginners "  was nowhere near the excitement from the opening number .  that first part set the pace ,  and temple could not keep up .   overall ,  i must say that temple can direct a music video ,  but i don't think he was quite prepared for the feature film .  i don't think this film will ever make it into full  " cult "  status ,  and will probably remain unremembered or in the dollar bin for years to come .  it is a fun film to watch initially ,  but when we get to that final part ,  it just explodes from the inside .  i wanted some cutting edge work ,  but instead what i found was a freaky bowie coupled with characters i cared nothing for .  i could see how this film could relate to the youth of the 80s ,  but by the end it just felt forced .  i think everyone in this production should have taken a moment and listened to  " motivation "  by the ever-freaky bowie in this film ,  it may have helped solidify this feature into better cult status .  i am glad that i watched this film once ,  but that is all that my small brain can take .  i loved the way that temple caught me from the beginning ,  but he couldn't control his characters  ( way too many )  ,  and the songs didn't seem to match the final moments of the film .  it came out of nowhere ,  and it was unwelcomed .  if this was a film about racism ,  it needed to be from the beginning .   " absolute beginners "  was a welcomed adventure ,  but i don't think i will be dusting this film off in the future .   grade :  ** out of *****
this movie is horrible if you pay attention to it .  it's a perfect movie if you just watch the colorful images dance across the screen - each one with no apparent connection to the next .  i rented this movie because i'm a david bowie fan ,  and i really appreciate musicals .  in finality ,  bowie was in the film for a total of ten minutes and the songs and dance sequences were sparse and left something to be desired .  the moral of the story was really befuddling .  i couldn't tell if it was about racial issues in london in the 1950s or about not selling out .  for the first half of the movie i was chuckling at how cheesy it was but i liked the campiness of the  " no selling out "  message .  when blacks started being murdered i thought my tape had gotten messed up .  maybe i rented half of two different movies ?  nope ,  there was a  " keep britain white "  song and dance sequence .  i'm sorry ,  but wwii is not something you can write a musical about .  at least not a musical that could conceivably be described as  " campy "  as i have several times in this review .  overall i'd say this movie could do a whole lot better if it made up its mind and cast better actors .   ( and put david bowie in it for longer goddammit !  )  my grade :  c-
the film is based on a genuine 1950s novel .   journalist colin mcinnes wrote a set of three  " london novels "  :   " absolute beginners "  ,   " city of spades "  and  " mr love and justice "  .  i have read all three .  the first two are excellent .  the last ,  perhaps an experiment that did not come off .  but mcinnes's work is highly acclaimed ;  and rightly so .  this musical is the novelist's ultimate nightmare - to see the fruits of one's mind being turned into a glitzy ,  badly-acted ,  soporific one-dimensional apology of a film that says it captures the spirit of 1950s london ,  and does nothing of the sort .   thank goodness colin mcinnes wasn't alive to witness it . 
if you've read the original novel ,  as i did ,  you will probably hate this thing .   the film version of _absolute beginners_ is a nightmarish conglomerate of 1980s anachronisms attempting to create a  " period piece "  set in the late 1950s and failing to re-create or even pay homage to that period -- the us monstrosity of _dirty dancing_ does similar to 1963 ,  except that film proved financially successful despite having equally amateurish screen writing .  in addition to suffering from  " looking too 1980s "  ,  the characters have been changed ,  re-arranged ,  and downplayed to the point that the only characteristics they have in common with those of the novel are the slightest superficial looks and ,  of course ,  their names :  suze is transformed from the narrator's flighty ex-girlfriend and promiscuous negrophile who willingly plans to marry a closeted old queen for money  ( at her own admittance in the first few pages )  into a hapless and naive  " eve " -archetype seduced by fame and glamour ,  exploited and somehow scammed into a sham marriage by her boss ,  who surprisingly wasn't given a van dyke and pointy hairstyle .  she and the narrator ,  re-named  " colin "   ( after the book's author ,  colin macinnes )  for the film ,  are also in a relationship .   big jill's character ,  a lesbian seemingly butch yet  " fop like "  in her mid-20s who acts as pimp to a cadre of young and bubble-headed lesbians ,  and one of the narrator's closest friends ,  dispensing frank wisdom to the narrator ,  is reduced to a sort of  " named extra "  with only a few throw-away lines ,  and tonnes of comical outfits .   the fabulous hoplite ,  a gay young man and another close friend of the narrator in the novel ,  is also reduced to the point of being pointless in the film ,  camped-up and all but ignored .   the narrator's father in the novel is a sort of sad minor character but in the film ,  he's played to come off as optimistic and oddly spirited despite the squalid neighbourhood ,  and the disarray of his marriage to the narrator's mum seems ,  for all practical purposes ,  ignored .   in its favour ,  the music  ( for what it is )  is well-composed ,  and you have to give the production and writing crews credit for actually taking a line from the book  (  "  .  .  . some days ,  they'll write musicals about the 1950s .  .  .  "  )  as their inspiration to write a musical ,  but in the world of bad camped-up musicals ,  this is among the most poorly executed in the bunch .  unlike _shock treatment_ or _starstruck_ crucial plot elements are treated as afterthoughts .  unlike _the apple_ ,  there is a choppy and uneven flow between musical numbers and spoken dialogue .   you really can't blame it's  " too 1980s "  feel on the fact that it was created in the 1980s .  the film version of _annie_ released in 1981 ,  pays a wonderfully well-executed tribute to the look and feel of new york city in the 1930s ,  and _napolean dynamite_ manages to capture a gritty sort of look and feel of the 1980s despite being made on a low budget in 2003  ( though it's not explicitly set in the 1980s ,  those who lived through the decade cannot deny that the film  " feels very 1980s "  )  .  obviously ,  it was _possible_ to make something good out of this ,  especially considering the iconic status that the source novel has in the uk ,  but it fails most apparently in the look and feel ,  and also in its treatment of the source material ,  which is downright disrespectful .   perhaps if you haven't read and have no intentions of reading the novel ,  you could enjoy this campy 1980s anachronism giving a shameful parody of late-1950s soho london's modernist jazz set .  i can definitely see what the writing team were attempting ,  but they definitely could have done better .  with boy george as a household name and mixed-race musicians and bands on the charts in 1986 uk ,  they definitely did _not_ need to bowdlerise the characters in the ways that they ended up doing .  in fact ,  i'd go so far as saying that the writers wound up doing what both the book and film criticised harshly -- it ended up having a bunch of adults cranking out crap and treating its targeted teen-aged audience like two-bit idiots to make a quick buck off of . 
i've seen the movie only recently ,  although it appeared in 2001 .  i hoped to see an entertaining movie ,  but let me tell you ,  princess blade is nothing compared to azumi .  the  " princess "  is not very talkative ,  as you may have noticed .  .  .  she reminded me of jean claude van damme ,  who only stared to make his point ,  then beat the crap out of the opponents .  during the entire movie ,  i waited to hear at least a confession about what she liked ,  why was she fighting ,  who did she love and trust .  i waited in vain .  crappy movie .  crappy dialog .  don't watch it unless you want to be bored out of your minds !  it's so bad ,  that in the end i was wondering how i managed not to scream in frustration 1 and a half hour .  approximately .  i give a 4/10 . 
judging by some of the comments in imdb ,  i was expecting an action movie - perhaps a dramatic one or a stupid one or a simple one or a comicy one ,  but essentially an action movie .   whatever it is that i watched ,  it certainly didn't feel like a movie .  the story is simple and straightforward  ( even though the prologue tries to make it seem complicated )  .  take three interest groups :  1 )  the government 2 )  the rebels 3 )  a group of assassins .   now subtract the first  ( they never appear in the movie )  .  then simply let one of the assassins ,  the princess ,  become a rogue on a revenge trip .  add in a rebel love-interest with a guilty conscience .  and you've got the ingredients .   but they still did not manage to turn it into a story or a movie .  between some random action sequences and some odd visuals trying to be sci-fi on a low budget ,  what you're left with is a feeling of emptiness .  the movie just does not feel like a movie ,  but a weird ,  incoherent ,  boring dream .   avoid .   2/10
i registered for imdb just to comment on this movie .    i just got done sitting through this movie ,  and the only thing that impressed me ,  was that i somehow had the will power to not stop it .   i've seen a pretty decent number of action movies and what not ,  but princess blade has some of the worst fights i've ever seen in a movie .  most of the sword fighting involves mindlessly swinging the swords back and fourth and hoping the opponent isn't doing the same .  i've seen a good many student films with better action and stronger plots .   so now we have a  " futuristic "  action movie with poor action ,  and virtually no sign of the future .    most of the movie doesn't even have any action and shows the developing relationship with the princess and the farmboy/terrorist and his disturbed sister .  the movie has multiple plot lines ,  and none of them really pan out to be worth anything .    part of the problem may have been that i watched the dub ,  which was quite bad .  the entire cast mumbled all their lines so it was hard to follow what was going on .  but i got the general idea .   ( knowing exactly what was said would not have saved the movie in my eyes )   if you've heard about this being a futuristic action/ninja flick ,  then you've heard wrong .  thats what i thought it was when i heard about it ,  and now i've lost 90 minutes of my life .  don't let this happen to you .  steer well clear of it . 
i would have given this movie a 1 out of 10 if it weren't for ms .  claudine barretto's performance .  and i will take this time to overlook that kris aquino's here .  and .  .  .  end .   i really avoid watching pinoy horror movies because stories lack originality and i really think that  ( some )  writers don't give enough attention to the characters  ( and their progression )  in their stories  ( redundant ?  ?  )  .  it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards when their storytelling stank .  and my goodness ,  creative exhaustion led them to rip-off other movies .  why ?  ?  why did this movie get a good review ?  ?  i wouldn't give it that much merit .  the movie was kind of scary ,  but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with filipino folklore .  .  .  it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category .  i just wished they spent more time improving the story lines and fix those flash back sequences ,  never mind if the lighting sucked ,  it wouldn't matter much if the content would blow you away .  .  sayang . 
in the recent movement to bring asian films over to america ,  this is the last movie that should be released here .  being a big fan of asian movies from all genres ,  i was browsing the net and came across this soong to be re-released into the us market so i decided to check it out ahead of time and rent this at a local video store .   trust me .  .  . the action scenes are incredibly disappointing ,  crouching tiger and iron monkey completely blew this movie out of the water .  jet li would fall asleep watching the fighting sequences .  if you're looking for martial arts entertainment ,  your time would be better off with a jackie chan flick !  !  !   moreover .  .  . you think you're going to watch a martial arts with about a girl engulfed in vengence for her parents death but surprise !  !  !  a good hour of this movie in the middle has is filled with dialogue ,  an absense of action ,  the lack of devloping a tangent plot ,  pretty much nothing to do with the premise we are exposed to .  it has more to do with the relationship between her and the boy ,  and the boy with his conspiracy group in which the producer/director dedicated no time in elbaorating ,  and yet dedicated a portion of the film dragging the issue .  would of been much better off if they had just cut that whole hour and developed the story in itself through another film and focus on the martial arts aspect .   speaking of which ,  i really don't believe the choreographer of iron monkey ,  did the action sequence in princess blade .  i was completely insulted in the frequent usage of slow motion and quick camera changes to portray the assassins physical swiftness .  i just didn't buy it .   please .  .  . i'm warning you to please do not waste your time/money with this movie .  the premise is intrigueing ,  and the trailer might even tempt you but i am positive that this movie is not suited for the public  ( maybe in japan but not in the states )  and will be the worst film brought over to the states from the asian film industry . 
there is simply no use in trying to glorify any part of this film .   it was straight up trash .  at the very beginning you might think that you are in for a visually stunning piece of cinematography .  .  .  and then shortly thereafter you are hit with a large sack  ( burlap )  of fail !  the fighting is barely martial ,  the acting is teetering on the edge of par ,  and the music is not worth describing .  there is only enough of a story to have created an excuse for this film to have been made .  the decisions that the characters make and the way that they deal with the situations is weak ,  and did nothing but frustrate me .  i think that the only reason this film came about was to act as a bit of fan service by using yumiko shaku . 
as much as i like japanese movies this one didn't just cut it .  .  .  a movie that is supposed to be about rebels and the survival of a royal blood line turned out to be a very slow paced movie with a doubtful plot .   the photography is ok ,  though i've seen much better sword fight scenes in other japanese movies ,  the fast cameras and the way they followed the characters didn't convince me at all .  the soundtrack is so weak you don't even notice its presence . but worst of all was the way the plot evolved . i have to admit that ,  at some times ,  i had a hard time understanding who was who and what was going on .  .  . anyway the platonic love between the main character and another one was completely unnecessary and seemed to come from a hollywood influence .   all in all ,  if your looking for an action japanese movie this isn't it .  its very slow ,  with very few sword fight scenes and very sentimental .  .  .  in a bad way .  .  . 
robert colomb has two full-time jobs .  he's known throughout the world as a globetrotting tv reporter .  less well-known but equally effortful are his exploits as a full-time philanderer .   i saw `vivre pour vivre' dubbed in english with the title 'live for life . ' some life !  robert seems to always have at least three women in his life :  one mistress on her way out ,  one on her way in ,  and the cheated wife at home .  it helps that robert is a glib liar .  among his most useful lies are `i'll call you tomorrow' and `my work took longer than planned . ' he spends a lot of time and money on planes ,  trains and hotel rooms for his succession of liaisons .  you wonder when this guy will get caught with his pants down .   some may find his life exciting ,  but i thought it to be tedious .  his companions ,  including his wife ,  catherine ,  are all attractive and desirable women .  but his lifestyle is so hectic and he is so deceitful ,  you wonder if he's enjoying all this .   adding to the tedium is considerable footage that doesn't further the plot .  there are extended sections with no dialogue or french-only dialogue .  we see documentaries of wars ,  torture ,  and troop training interspersed with the live action .  when robert's flight returns from africa ,  we wait and wait for the plane to land and taxi to the airport terminal .   annie girardot is the standout performer in this film .  hers was the most interesting character and she played it to perfection .  it was also nice to see candice bergen at the beginning of her career .  i can't find fault with yves montand's performance of what was basically an amoral bum .   i enjoyed some of claude lelouch's novel techniques .  in a hotel room scene ,  the camera pans around the room as robert and his mistress argue .  we catch sight of them briefly during each pass around the room .  in another scene set on a sleeping car of a train ,  robert is lying on the upper bunk while his wife is on the lower .  robert is giving his wife some important but distressing news ,  but we hear only parts of it because of the clatter of the train .  i sensed that his wife was also unable to absorb every word due to the shocking nature of the news .  i also liked the exciting safari scenes in africa .  the cinematography of those scenes and of those in amsterdam was superb .   i reviewed this movie as part of a project at the library of congress .  i've named the project fifty :  50 notable films forgotten within 50 years .  as best i can determine ,  this film ,  like the other forty-nine i've identified ,  has not been on video ,  telecast ,  or distributed in the u . s .  since its original release .  in my opinion ,  it is worthy of being made available again .   
boring ,  badly written italian exploitation flick . lots of nudity ,  gore and awful acting . the werewolf makeup was the only thing that would raise a laugh . complete rubbish-even for fans of cheesy italian horror . please avoid . 
very strange but occasionally elegant exploitation movie with no real story ,  but benefiting from its stunningly ravishing lead actress and a handful of nice ,  gruesome make-up effects .  daniella is a beautiful twenty-something girl ,  carrying with her the trauma of being raped at the age of 13 .  nightmares and hallucinations lead her further into believing she's the reincarnation of a female ancestor who was said to be a werewolf .  she kills her brother-in-law during a nightly encounter and gets submitted in a hospital .  she escapes again ,  however ,  and randomly devours more men whilst on the run for police detectives ,  doctors and relatives .  it's all pretty to look at and listen too  ( really great soundtrack )  ,  but the absence of plot and continuity become irritating quite fast .  luckily enough ,  leading lady annik borel rarely ever wears clothes and she fills up the boring moments by dancing naked around a fire .  the film is too long ,  too weird and too forgettable .  the biggest surprise comes at the end ,  when suddenly and out of the blue ,  director rino di silvestro tries to make us believe that his movie was based on true facts .  yeah ,  right .  .  . 
this film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the fates of two of the lead characters and that the names of people and places have been changed .  .  . before telling us that relation to actual people and events are purely coincidental .  this ending line actually sums up everything that has gone before it ;  as rino di silvestro's messy film completely lacks vision ,  and if there is any point to the plot ;  it wasn't put there on purpose .  werewolf woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a 'so bad it's good' film ,  but i completely disagree .  normally ,  i enjoy films like this ;  but werewolf woman is indeed a bad film ,  and despite all the sex and savagery on display ;  it doesn't even make for a fun watch ,  and that really is unforgivable .  the film really doesn't have much plot ,  but the thin sliver we are given involves a young woman ,  who also happens to dream that she is a werewolf .  she dreams of going out and finding men ,  having sex with them and eventually killing them .  back in the real world ,  she falls in love ,  but her lover is killed and she goes out for revenge .  .  .   the film is made up of scenes of sex and gore ,  which are padded out with extremely dull talking sequences in which various characters mull over the recent events .  these scenes are probably there to forward the plot and build characters ;  but they really don't do that ,  and succeed only in turning what could have been a passable exploitation romp into an extremely underwhelming film .  it would seem that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot ,  and this is shown by the fact that the film looks and sounds nice .  the sex scenes are often overlong and not very erotic ,  but the gore works well .  the premise is ripe for giving way to a very sexy slice of exploitation ,  as there's plenty of naked women ,  and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means that there could be plenty of erotica ;  but this isn't capitalised on ,  and while i can stomach huge doses of bad acting and poorly done plot lines ,  i really can't stand watching films and being bored .  overall ,  i wouldn't even recommend this film to big exploitation fans .  there's plenty of better stuff than this out there ,  and while the title may sound intriguing - the film isn't . 
oh dear .  i was so disappointed that this movie was just a rip-off of japan's ringu .  well ,  i guess the u . s .  made their version of it as well ,  but at least it was an outright remake .  so ,  so sad .  i very much enjoy watching filipino movies and know some great things can come out of such a little country ,  so i can't believe this had to happen .  claudine and kris are such big names there ,  surprised they would be affiliated with plagiarism .  to any aspiring movie makers out there in the philippines :  you do not have to stoop this low to make money .  there are many movie buffs that are watching the movies filipinos put out and enjoying them ! 
daniella has some issues brewing under her attractive exterior .  she starts to lose her mind when she finds out about a distant relative  ( who she resembles )  that was burned for being a werewolf .  she goes a bit feral when she beads horny men and slashes out their throats .  she does eventually find a man that helps contain her inner beast but when others ruin their bliss she extracts her violent and furry revenge .   'werewolf woman' isn't a very goof film but it does pose as a good crowd film .  a fun time could be had by harping the bad acting / dubbing / translation and the just plain cheesiness of the production .  but on it's own it moves slowly but does have ample nudity to keep you awakebarely . 
 " a young woman suffers from the delusion that she is a werewolf ,  based upon a family legend of an ancestor accused of and killed for allegedly being one .  due to her past treatment by men ,  she travels the countryside seducing and killing the men she meets .  falling in love with a kind man ,  her life appears to take a turn for the better when she is raped and her lover is killed by a band of thugs .  traumatized again by these latest events ,  the woman returns to her violent ways and seeks revenge on the thugs ,  "  according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis .   rino di silvestro's  " la lupa mannara "  begins with full frontal ,  writhing ,  moaning dance by shapely blonde annik borel ,  who  ( as daniella neseri )  mistakenly believes she is a werewolf .  the hottest part is when the camera catches background fire between her legs .  the opening  " flashback "  reveals her hairy ancestor was  ( probably )  a lycanthropic creature .  ms .  borel is ,  unfortunately ,  not a werewolf ;  she is merely a very strong lunatic .   as a film ,   " werewolf woman "   ( in english )  would have been better if borel's character really was a female werewolf ;  with her sexual victimization a great bit of characterization .  but ,  as far as 1970s skin and blood flicks go ,  this one is hard to beat .  bouncy borel is either nude or sexily clad throughout the film ,  which features a fair amount of gratuitous gore .  dazzling dagmar lassander  ( as elena )  and hunky howard ross  ( as luca )  are good supporting players . 
first thing i noticed in this movie of course ,  was the unnecessary amount of nudity .  it's not oozing nudity or anything ,  but a lot that was not needed .  annik borel plays a disturbed woman believing her families ghost stories that her ancestor who eerily resembles her was a werewolf ,  and believes their fate are destined to be the same .  which actually i found quite interesting .  the original wolf man was intended to be a completely psychological movie ,  but universal threw in the actual wolf man you were never supposed to see for n extra buck or two .  i find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting .  unfortunately this is not the film i was searching for .   instead we know shes not a werewolf from the beginning ,  so there's no thrill or twist ,  also they attempt to make the film seem like a this really happened scenario .  they fail there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality .  at first i was excited upon reading the description of the film .  but i slowly realized it was a cover just so they could expose the main characters breasts as often as possible .   annik borel is either a decent actor playing a great psychotic role ,  or a really bad actor playing a psychotic role .  since the character danniele has no brains and is just a nut who runs around insane and snarling and snapping like a wolf ,  it takes little skill to play .  she has moments were her performance breaks through for a creepy moment but is quickly ruined by the poor camera work and light .  the idea is great ,  but hideously executed throughout the film .  3/10
this italian film from the '70's is not even in the class with dog soldiers ,  the howling ,  or even that awful american werewolf in paris ,  but .  .  . it is fun to watch .  i'm talking about watching the lead actress ,  a stunning blonde ,  run amok in her birthday suit .  we're talking about graphic ,  complete nudity .  .  . it's obvious that she is a real blonde .  .  . humma humma humma !  !  the story is a hoot ,  the sfx are childish ,  and the acting  ( for the most part )  stinks .  the only redeeming value of this movie is all  ( and there is a lot )  the nudity & sex scenes .  tame by hbo standards ,  but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on saturday night .  ok .  .  . here's the spoiler .  .  . there is no werewolf  ( except in the opening scene of the heroine (  ?  ?  ) 's ancestor .  the girl just imagines that she's a werewolf .  .  . in other words ,  a clinical lycanthrope . 
 " la lupa mannara "  aka .   " werewolf woman "  of 1976 is a film with a highly promising title ,  but ,  sadly ,  the film itself is pretty far away from being a must-see for my fellow italian horror buffs .  you won't hear me say that rino di silvestri's film is entirely bad - it has its stylish moments ,  and the first half is actually great fun to watch  ( though the fun is unintentional )  .  the film also profits from an exceptionally exhibitionist leading actress ,  annik borel .  however ,  the film ,  which has no real plot  ( at least no linear one )  often makes no sense at all ,  and it drags incredibly throughout the mostly superfluous second half .   daniella  ( annik borel )  has strange dreams about a dancing around naked in the night before turning into a werewolf woman .  since she was a raped as a girl ,  daniella is afraid of men .  then ,  when her sister  ( cult siren dagmar lassander )  comes to visit with her husband ,  daniella suddenly feels attracted to the husband and subsequently turns into a werewolf woman herself .  .  .  or something .  the storyline really doesn't make the slightest sense ,  which makes the film a lot of fun to watch throughout the first half .  the leading character daniella is some schizophrenic mixture of frigid hysteric and lusty nymphomaniac ,  who occasionally turns into a werewolf woman .  director di silvestri chose to make up for the plot-holes with a lot of of female nudity ,  which works fine for me .  there are also some pretty well-done gore moments .  the film is never even slightly suspenseful or creepy ,  but it is very entertaining in the beginning .  also ,  there are no attempts to hide that this is a slice of sleaze ,  the camera often does close-ups on the miss borel's private parts for the simple heck of it .  i'm not complaining .  then ,  for some reason ,  di silvestri chose to make the film longer by completely changing the direction in which it was going .  while daniella is ,  at first ,  a typical werewolf ,  who cannot help but follow the urges of her curse ,  this suddenly changes when she meets a guy  ( howard ross ,  who was in fernando di leo's  " il boss "  of 1973 )  .  suddenly ,  she goes back to normal again ,  and the subsequent part of the film does not at all go in hand with the first half .  it gets pretty damn boring after a while ;  all things considered ,  it probably would have been better for this 99 minute film to be only 70 minutes long .  at the end ,  they even want to make us believe that the absurd story  ( if one can call it that )  is based on true events .   " werewolf woman "  has some redeeming qualities ;  my fellow italo-horror fans can give it a try .  however ,  if you wanna watch italian horror/exploitation cinema from the 70s ,  there are hundreds of films that you should see before seeing this one . 
don't listen to the misleading title  " werewolf woman "  .  the europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films ,  but this one here is just a bit too much .   " werewolf woman "  seems to have a sleazy sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner .  fun the first few times ,  but a hundred minutes of this becomes very monotonous quickly .  shes not even a werewolf ,  but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy .  the film can't even decide its tone ,  with the first ten minutes  ( a flashback )  being legitimate supernatural horror  ( i thought i was in for a trash classic after these )  to a rather poor character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller .  at the end ,  the director insists this is based on a true story .  yeah ,  all right .   to be fair ,  there are a few entertaining aspects of the production .  the title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes .  however ,  these become rather monotonous quickly .  also ,  the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion ,  especially the worlds most swinging doctor  ( he drinks on the job )  .  unfortunately ,  the film becomes pretty irritating fast .  there's no actual plot or anything else really .  its a shame ,  because reading a description i felt the film had some real potential .   " werewolf woman "  is far overlong ,  slow moving ,  and a bit too pointless ,  even by the standards of the exploitation genre .   ( 4/10 ) 
man ,  what the hell were the people who made this film on ?  and more importantly where can i get some ?  the opening scene sets the tone for the film :  a woman writhing naked in a circle of fire ,  transforming into a werewolf .  and this is no rick baker 'american werewolf' transformation ,  folks .  we're talking some of the worst makeup ever captured on film here .  i can just imagine some stoned italian spreading glue on naked annik borel  ( who plays daniela ,  the film's protagoness  ( is that a word ?  )  )  ,  and asking her to roll in fur .  that's how bad it is .   from here on in it doesn't get much better .  minutes are wasted as the scenery chewing male actors waffle on about daniela and her condition or something  ( i can't remember ,  but the dialogue is so bad if you don't laugh at it you'll cry )  .   the funny thing is daniela isn't even a werewolf ,  she's a psycho who goes mental whenever there is a man around  ( understandable ,  as she was raped as a child )  so she thinks she becomes a werewolf like her ancestor  ( the opening scene )  .  she can't help but tear out the throat of every man she meets ,  and she only wants to be loved !  things start looking up for daniela as she meets and falls in love with a buff stuntman who doesn't trigger her 'episodes' .  check out the montage here ,  one of the cheesiest you'll ever see  ( laughing and hugging after diving headfirst through a window )  .   daniela's luck doesn't hold out as the film takes a brutal turn ,  she is suddenly viciously beaten and raped by a group of thugs who kill the stuntman .  reminiscent of  " i spit on your grave "  ,  daniela extracts bloody vengeance on her rapists .   this is 100 minutes of my life i will never get back .  but hey ,  that's the game you play when you're a film geek . 
i started watching this movie expecting some barely tolerable hammer horror film wannabe .  .  .  and i wasn't far off .  there's a fair amount of glimpsed gore ,  and they threw in lots of nudity ,  but the latter half of the movie presents a few ironic twists .  holy cow ,  they actually put a little thought into the story ,  and didn't completely fall into the predictable stuff one expected at the outset .  and dare i say it ,  some of the  " gratuitous "  nudity wasn't so gratuitous after all ,  because it fit in with the story and setting .   don't get me wrong ,  it's still overall a bad movie ,  but as bad movies go ,  it's a shade more intelligent than the really horrible tripe like mesa of lost women and robot monster . 
in hollywood in the 1930's and 1940's ,  i think that every studio can make a western ,  except warner bros .  the few times they try ,  it always ridiculous  ( except ,  perhaps ,  for they died with their boots on - which is a cavalery western .  )  i have read that humphrey bogart ,  seing james cagney with this big cowboy hat on his head ,  said that he looks like a mushroom .  true !  cagney and bogart are too urban ,  too xxe century to be credible in a western movie .  the story here had no suprise ,  and it did't help .  every 10 minutes ,  i figure i can see bogart and cagney drops their little guns and put hands in a machine gun to get away from the set in a 1930's black car . 
there are so many goofy things about this movie that i can't possibly name but a few :   bogart's character :  1 .  his name  whip mccord  ( too easy ,  so i'll leave it at that .  boy ,  it makes `humphrey' sound good .  )  2 .  his long ,  curly hair and silly sideburns .  3 .  his black bart get-up ,  complete with spurs !  4 .  not sure what shade of lipgloss they've got him wearing ,  but it ain't none too flattering .   cagney's character  ( jim kincaid  )  :  1 .  his lipstick doesn't do him any favors ,  either .  2 .  the man is being swallowed by his hat during the entire film !  could they not find a hat to fit him ?  even a little ?  !  !  ?  !  3 .  his pants are too tight in the rear .  4 .  he blows the smoke off his gun one too many times ,  if you know what i mean ,  and i think you do .   if you are a casual bogart or cagney fan ,  and figure it might be a change of pace to see them in a western ,  do yourself a favor and forget that thought .  even the horses look embarrassed !   ( that is ,  when they don't look bored .  )   in all fairness ,  i admit that westerns are my least favorite film genre ,  but i've still seen much ,  much better than this .   on a comedy level ,  or as high camp ,  the oklahoma kid works .  otherwise ,  it's viewer beware .  therefore ,  see this only if a )  you must see every western out there b )  you are a true cagney or bogie completist c )  any of the above comments appeal to you .  woah .  . 
silly ,  simplistic ,  and short ,  gun crazy  ( volume 1 :  a woman from nowhere )  goes nowhere .   this brief  ( just over sixty minutes )  tale isn't so much inspired by the classic spaghetti westerns as it is a rip-off of sam raimi's the quick & the dead  ( his admitted homage to the spaghetti westerns )  brought into a contemporary setting .  in quick & dead ,  sharon stone's character seeks revenge against the dastardly sheriff  ( played by gene hackman )  who ,  when she was but an urchin ,  placed the fate of her father  ( a brief cameo by gary sinise )  in her hands ;  she accidentally shot him through the head .  in gun crazy ,  saki  ( played by the nimble ryoko yonekura )  seeks revenge against the dastardly mr .  tojo  ( played with minimalist appeal by shingo tsurumi )  ,  who ,  when she was but an urchin ,  placed the fate of her father in her hands ;  she let her foot slip off the clutch ,  and dear ole dad was drawn and quartered by a semi truck .  the only significant difference ,  despite the settings ,  is the fact that tojo sadistically cripples saki with  well ,  i won't spoil that for you in case you decide to watch it .   in short ,  saki  a pale imitation of the clint eastwood's 'man with no name'  rides into the town  basically ,  there's a auto shop and a tavern alongside an american military base ,  so i guess that suffices for a town  corrupted by tojo ,  the local crimelord with a ridiculously high price on his head for reasons never explained or explored .  confessing her true self as a bounty hunter ,  saki takes on the local gunmen in shootouts whose choreography bares more than a passing similarity to the works of johnny to and john woo .  of course ,  by the end of the film saki has endured her fair amount of torture at the hands of the bad guys ,  but she rises to the occasion  on her knees ,  in a laughable attempt at a surprise ending  and vanquishes all of her enemies with a rocket launcher .   don't ask where she gets the rocket launcher .  just watch it for yourself .  try not to laugh .   the image quality is average for the dvd release .  there is a grainy quality to several sequences ,  but ,  all in all ,  this isn't a bad transfer .  the sound quality leaves a bit to the imagination at times ,  but ,  again ,  it isn't a bad transfer .   rather ,  it's a bad film . 
right up until the end the bad guys have the upper-hand - always - which kind of put into question the competence of the good guys .  a couple of innocent-man-accused-of-a-crime plots are irritating .  some unnecessary dialogue in which various dull legal issues get debated .  this is just a mediocre dumb old western ,  so what's this nonsense about trying to keep things  " realistic "  ?  cagney's atypical presence in a western is one of the few - if not the only - entertaining thing about the movie .  somewhere around the middle there is a ridiculously-timed marriage proposal ;  sort of like  " where is the kid hiding ?  ?  !  !  where is he ?  !  .  .  .  oh ,  and by the way ,  will you marry me ?  " 
i'm guessing the writers have never read a book of any kind ,  much less a dickens novel ,  and certainly not david copperfield ,  and that they based their screenplay on another poorly written screenplay ,  possibly an adaptation of copperfield ,  though just as likely anything else ,  from which they randomly discarded about a third of the pages and then shuffled the rest ,  along with some random pages from a screenplay that someone's eighth grade nephew had written for an english class ,  and for which he had received a failing grade .    if the casting was a bad joke - e . g .  ,  richards as kramer playing micawber - which it was ,  then the direction and acting were the poorly- delivered punch lines .  getting beyond kramer as micawber ,  if possible ,  ham was such a complete ogre ,  hunch-back and all ,  that i was half expecting at some point to see him being pursued by an angry pitch-fork and torch wielding mob of villagers .  uriah was almost as much of a clown figure as micawber .  mr .  murdstone evoked about as much terror as that muppet vampire from sesame street .  the actor playing older david was ,  i believe ,  actually a woman .  in any case ,  looking perpetually as if he wished he could find a mirror to see how pretty he looked ,  and fancied that he looked quite pretty indeed ,  he could scarcely convince us that he was writing with a quill pen .  and while we're on that subject ,  in one of the many gross inaccuracies perpetrated by the half-wit producers of this embarrassment ,  in the unnecessary shots of david writing his story he appears to be somewhere between 18 and 21 years old ,  when he should be in his forties .  perhaps the greatest transgression ,  although it's difficult to choose ,  was the invented showdown between david and murdstone as he courted a third wife in switzerland ,  preceded of course by the invented death of murdstone's second wife .  while they were at it it is a wonder they didn't send heep to the guillotine ,  and have him deliver sidney carton's famous last words .  it couldn't have made things much worse really .  it might have been far far better .   there are literally thousands of small and large sins against literature throughout this miscarriage of art ,  and anyone who watches it runs the risk of severe and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensibility . 
i wouldn't recommend this unless you're keen on david copperfield and want to  " complete the set "  .  there are some good performances  ( e . g .  uriah heep )  and well directed moments  ( e . g .  the beating )  ,  but on the whole it really pales in comparison with the 1999 bbc version ,  as well as earlier versions .    there are inexplicable changes to the story that really serve no great purpose except ,  possibly ,  to dumb it down  ( the stolen jewels being a case in point )  .  the american cast were poorly chosen :  sally field is a good actress ,  but she is wrong as betsy trotwood ,  and her english accent is only slightly better than dick van dyke's cockney .  i can see why michael richards was chosen to play mr micawber ;  he hams it up rather too much ,  however ,  and becomes irritating .  he also speaks his lines in an accent that goes beyond eccentric and becomes simply preposterous .  anthony andrews is menacing as mr murdstone ,  but one almost expects him to don a black cape and tie david's mother to a railway line  ( though this is perhaps partly the fault of dickens )  .    i got this for free with a newspaper .  it helped pass a sunday afternoon ,  but i felt more disappointed than charmed at the end of it
it seems evident from this adaptation that he did not .  not only did he leave the plot behind ,  he made up his own !  the things that he chose to leave in were so ridiculously unbelievable that i was happy he chose to leave out some of the most important parts of the novel .  the plot was hazy ,  inconsistent and choppy to say the least .  i don't want to say anything mean-spirited about the actors ,  but they can't act !  dickens is difficult ,  of course ,  but this is pathetic !  micawber was nothing more than a mid-nineteenth century kramer ,  and the less said about betsy trotwood the better !  if you want to see the real copperfield ,  watch the wonderful 1999 bbc adaptation .  as for the screenplay writer , i think he read the cliff's notes ! 
first off ,  i had my doubts just looking at the dvd box and reading it saying that it was about of bunch of teens gathering at a lake where they will find do or something .  any movie that has a premise like this has failed miserably ,  even as a slasher movie ,  except for the first friday the 13th .   i wanted to get up and stop watching the movie at least 10 times ,  but i just kept thinking that it had to get a little better .  it didn't .  usually ,  i think every movie has something that you can take from it .  this has nothing .   do yourself a favor ,  and find something constructive to do for 80 minutes .  like ,  give yourself papercuts ,  or eat dirt . 
three years ago ,  rachel ( therese fretwell )  was partying at the lake with her friends when her brother falls out of a boat and drowns .  rachel's friends think it is time for her to stop beating herself up and taking blame for something she had no control over .  so grab the brew and something to chew and head back to the same lake that has been in rachel's constant nightmares .  as expected ,  a bloodbath has already started when two of the friends are splattered before even heading to the party .  this flick has the feel of a high school play where everyone forgot their lines and 'winged it' .  .  . very badly !  writer marcos gabriel gave himself the meatier role as rachel's boyfriend leo .  outside of fretwell and gabriel there are some pretty lame acting and a few characters you would like to choke the crap out of before they get 'offed' .  giving attention to a few more players that had the nerve to appear :  erin gallagher ,  andrew williams ,  jasmine trice and derek nieves .  this is one memorial day you wouldn't mind missing . 
i have to say although this movie was formulaic throughout with a plot stolen from films like friday the 13th/i know what you did last summer ,  this movie wasn't that bad .  in fact it wasn't as bad as most of the horror films hollywood has released recently .  the killings although at times a little too imaginative were in most instances just that ,  original .  the cast was mediocre which is to be expected from low-budget features but much better than what that much bigger studio artisan/lions gate has been offering .  my only real complaint that wasn't due to the film's budget ,  which must have been small ,  was the contrived  " twist "  ending .  i'm sorry but this is what put this film in the bad category for me .  the ending was just stupid and tacked on .  before that i was a little bored ,  but actually enjoying it .  4/10
if you can believe it ,  *another* group of teens return to *another* lakeside cabin three years after *another* one of those fatal 'accidents' claimed one of their number .  low and behold ,  a psycho wearing a patterned hockey mask  ( a cheap papery one at that )  turns up to waste them one by one .  this mechanical 'friday the 13th' knock off gained slight notoriety as one of the first digitally-shot features ,  but that's where the interesting facts end and all that remains is a predictable ,  amateur production with sub-par performances and a recurring boom-mic intrusion .  a last-second twist does little to lift the spirits ,  and 'memorial day' is something best tossed in a lake and forgotten about .  one for insane slasher collectors only . 
 .  . oh wait ,  i can !  this movie is not for the typical film snob ,  unless you want to brush up on your typical cinematic definitions ,  like  " continuity editing "  and  " geographic match "  .  i couldn't tell where i was in this movie .  one second they're in the present ,  next minute their supposedly in the 70's driving a modern suv and wearing what looked like to me as 80's style clothing .  i think .  i couldn't pay long enough attention to it since the acting was just horrible .  i think it only got attention because it has a 3d which i did not watch .  if you're a b-movie buff ,  and by b-movie i mean bad movie ,  then this film is for you .  it's home-movie and all non-sense style will keep you laughing for as long as you can stay awake .  if your tastes are more for goddard and antonioni ,  though ,  just skip this one . 
it is a piece of crap !  not funny at all .  during the whole movie nothing ever happens .  i almost fell asleep ,  which in my case happens only if a movie is rally bad .   ( that is why it didn't get 1  ( awful )  out of 10 but 2 )  . don't be fooled ,  like i was ,  by first review .  a waste of money and your time !  spend it on other stuff .  at this point i'm finished with my review but i have to fill in at least ten lines of text so i will go on .  .  .  .   ( ctrl+c ,  ctrl+v )   :  )  )  )  it is a piece of crap !  not funny at all .  during the whole movie nothing ever happens .  i almost fell asleep ,  which in my case happens only if a movie is rally bad .   ( that is why it didn't get 1  ( awful )  out of 10 but 2 )  . don't be fooled ,  like i was ,  by first review .  a waste of money and your time !  spend it on other stuff .  it is a piece of crap !  not funny at all .  during the whole movie nothing ever happens .  i almost fell asleep ,  which in my case happens only if a movie is rally bad .   ( that is why it didn't get 1  ( awful )  out of 10 but 2 )  . don't be fooled ,  like i was ,  by first review .  a waste of money and your time !  spend it on other stuff . 
i was dying to see this once i saw the ridiculous meatballs poster and divined that it had to be the best satire ever .  what a brilliant idea for a satire--the genre is rife .  unfortunately ,  the finished product  ( as i think all involved probably realize )  is a catalogue of missed opportunities ,  not-quite-there performances and  ( thankfully !  )  a few extremely hilarious ,  inspired bits .  janeane garafolo ,  who is very striking ,  looks really bad here ,  probably because she is uncomfortably struggling to make her flat role funny .  david hyde pierce is just sad to watch ,  trying to hard to be funny and looking like a castro nerd .  molly shannon is so funny just seeing her makes you laugh ,  but somehow her segment fails to snowball into something hysterical .  paul rudd had great teen mannerisms and was sexy as hell ,  the other guys are also really funny  ( the nerdier ones )  .  i think the problem is the director just doesn't move things along at the right pace .  he starts out very deadpan ,  and that sets the monotone .  but when he lets things get really outrageous  ( the drug sequence is the second funniest moment i've had all year in movies ,  the first also coming in a lame movie :  andrea martin in all over the guy complaining about the movie in & out )  ,  it's just plain funny .  i wanted this movie to work so badly ,  but it just didn't .  the clothes and styling for 1981 are 99 . 9% perfect ,  and the very few songs used are also perfect .  this ends up as a medium-bad mad tv episode ,  complete with frustratingly overlong sketches . 
when i saw that this movie was being shown on tv ,  i was really looking forward to it .  i grew up in the 1980's and like everyone else who has grown up in that era ,  have seen every 80's teen and summer camp movie out there .  so i couldn't wait to see this movie that totally spoofs that film genre .  what a disappointment !  !  the movie was nothing but a bunch of really bad jokes and gags over and over ,  with hardly any plot and no substance .  and the filmmakers attempts at dark humor totally failed-some of these so-called jokes didn't come across as anything but downright cruel and offensive .  the only good things about this film were the wardrobe ,  music ,  and acting .  it was nice to go on a nostalgia trip and see all of the summer clothing styles from the 80's ,  and the same goes for the music .  and the acting was top-notch throughout :  almost all of hollywood's best comedians were present .  too bad they didn't have better material to work with . 
chances are if i watched this again i might get physically sick ,  the film is so annoying .  .  .  .  . unless you believe in psychics ,  re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time .  the  " re-cycling of souls ,  "  they call it here .  puh-leeze .   this story has been done several times before with such films as  " heaven can wait .  "  it's also been done a lot better .  too bad they had to waste the talents of robert downey jr .  ,  cybill shepherd ,  ryan o'neal and mary stuart masterson .   at least it's a pretty tame film ,  language-wise .  that's about the only redeeming quality of this movie . 
ben stiller doesn't so much act as react .  and he does it very well .  he is very dependent on the comedy going on around him .  in there's something about mary ,  the stand-up hair scene only works because of stiller trying to keep a straight face .  when he confronts mary's other two suitors ,  he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious .   in along came polly ,  the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom .  stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent .  hank azaria and philip seymour hoffman get the best lines ,  of which there are too few .  having said that ,  hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in trouble when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh .  a basketball scene where hoffman hams it up is completely overplayed  ( though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through stiller's reaction )  .  however ,  everyone seems to be acting in a bubble ,  there is very little reaction .  hoffman and stiller's characters could have played off each other much ,  much more .  aniston again reprises her rachael role ,  but stiller is no ross .  it is more of a  " joey with a crush on rachael "  scenario .   polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its failing - it lacks heart .  you don't root for the characters .  with a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story ,  but in the end the film's failure comes down to poor writing .  worth watching if it pops up on tv on a slow night ,  but you'll regret forking out cash to see it . 
considering the potential this move had ,  the reality was disappointing .  while it's always nice to see jennifer aniston in a movie ,  even that couldn't turn this around .  most of the action was predictable .  the jokes were flat to mildly amusing .  and the characters were not very interesting .  i wanted to like this film ,  but it just never happened .  ben stiller was hilarious in  " there's something about mary "  .  here it looks like he's just going thru the motions .  if they have to lift plot points from  " friends "  ,  they should have known something was wrong .  the toilet humor should have stayed in the closet  : - )  .   watch  " 50 first dates "  instead . 
this film offers absolutely no imagination in it's premise nor in it's execution but these are just two things that come to mind after watching this so-called comedy that has no energy to speak of .  story is about nit-picky over analytical insurance risk manager reuben feffer  ( ben stiller )  who finds his new wife lisa  ( debra messing )  cheating on him with a scuba instructor  ( hank azaria )  after only one day on their honeymoon .  upon returning home reuben and his best friend sandy  ( philip seymour hoffman )  go to a party and run into polly prince  ( jennifer aniston )  whom they went to school with years earlier .   *****spoiler alert***** polly is forgetful and sloppy and lives carefree which is the opposite of who reuben is as a person but they start to date and reuben starts to change as a person as he starts to try out new things such as salsa dancing and eating spicy foods .  but one day lisa comes back and wants to remain married to reuben but he really doesn't want to but polly decides to leave as she doesn't believe in marriage to begin with .   this film is the second directing effort by john hamburg who wrote two generally unfunny screenplays in  " zoolander "  and  " meet the parents "  but those two films seem like classics compared to this stale piece of drivel .  it's very easy to say something is not funny but i think with this film it's even easier to figure out why .  this film is totally and utterly predictable from start to finish with every scene looking as if it's only happening because of the ridiculousness of the script .  hamburg who also wrote the script seems to have written this without any thought of trying something different and at times he seems to be trying to generate the same energy as  " there's something about mary "  but instead the events seem incredibly forced .  did anyone really think the blind ferret was funny ?  if you do ,  your easy !  a few times during the film characters would inexplicably have these emotional speeches that are supposed to summarize everything but all they achieve is overstating the obvious .  stiller works a lot but maybe he should work less and just wait for the better scripts to come his way because this film doesn't work as a comedy or as a romance . 
make no bones about it .  there are a lot of things wrong with this movie .  it's clichéd the whole way ,  not very funny ,  predictable ,  and illogical .  let's start at the beginning :  characters .  there's the boring ,  luckless guy - giving stiller another notch in his boring ,  luckless guy belt - the allegedly wild ,  but in reality just fairly normal ,  love interest - whom aniston plays well ,  but really needed no effort to do so - the fat ,  jovial friend ,  and then the assortment of clichés :  an annoying daredevil australian guy ,  a confident spanish guy ,  etc .  the storyline :  the beginning is slightly unusual ,  but thereafter goes into the standard any-movie style ,  with every plot turn as predictable as your average knock-knock joke .  the biggest problem was that stiller's character's  " development "  really seemed to come from nothing - like your average school play ,  the writers knew where he started and where he ended ,  but didn't put enough stock into properly telling the middle bit .  finally ,  the alleged 'jokes' were nothing but highly watered down versions of standard gross-out humour ;  there was a regulation chunder scene ,  sweaty fat men ,  etc .   in conclusion ,  the simple fact about this movie is that learning the meaning of the word 'shart' was the only good thing .  hamburg really dished up a dog's dinner here ,  and the sugar coating of stiller and aniston may have lured the viewers ,  but the taste left at the end was just as rancid .   final comment :  this film may have been dreadful ,  but aniston still picked a better between-friends-seasons movie than kudrow's odious 'marci x . '
okay ,  i absolutely love ben stiller ,  although i am lukewarm about jennifer aniston .  i do not think this girl can act in the least .  every movie or sitcom i've seen her in is very hard to get past her fake acting .  it sounds like she is just standing there reading right off the script .  this movie only had one good thing about it ,  and that's that ben stiller was in it .  this plot is so used and abused it's ridiculous .  how many movies have this same type of plot ?  ?  can we say  " forces of nature ?  ?  "  not only is the plot so old ,  but the outcome is so predictable ,  it's boring .  i knew everything that was going to happen before it did .  it was a bore ,  but watching stiller is always a delight !  !  ! 
this has to be one of the worst films i have ever seen .  the dvd was given to me free with an order i placed online for non dvd related items .   no wonder they were given away ,  surely no one could part with money for this drivel .   how some reviewers can say they found it hilarious beggars belief ,  the person who includes it in the worst five films ever has got it spot on .   how on earth a talented actor like philip seymour hoffman could get involved in this rubbish is unbelievable .  mostly toilet humour and badly done at that .   anyone wanting to be entertained should avoid this at all costs . 
i saw this for free ,  thankfully ,  and wish it was better than it was ,  but it's really the same old stuff that movie studios seem to foist on us in the last ten years .   ben stiller and jennifer anniston play a couple who are opposites- and yet they are attracted to each other .   if that plot line doesn't take you by surprise and thrill you ,  the movie won't either .   lots of sight gags and fart jokes .  halfway through the movie i began to realize that ben stiller really isn't that funny ,  but he tries very hard .  and jennifer anniston really isn't that pretty ,  but her hair looks great .  and hank azaria and phillip seymore hoffman must have got paid a great deal of money to be in this kind of average ho-hum movie ,  i've come to expect more from them .   what was interesting was that i saw this after i saw american splendor ,  which is a truly funny and original movie- and i compared the two in my head ,  and found myself wishing that the movie executives would be forced to sit through those two movies back to back- perhaps that would knock some sense into them and  they'd start making better movies with unknowns rather than this formulaic stuff that plays best on airplanes . 
i realize several ben stiller movies are out or will be out this year ,  but perhaps he should insist on quality ,  not quantity .   i was dumbfounded at what the filmmakers thought passed for comedy in  " along came polly .  "    stiller's reuben is grating ,  charmless and ranks as one of the worst performances of the year .  stiller's schtick is getting tiresome .  he undoubtedly has comic talent ,  but he needs to either find another schtick or take a break ,  find some material that is actually funny .  because his movies are going from painfully humorless to excruciatingly bad .   there's absolutely no chemistry between stiller and jennifer aniston ,  which is a shame because she's a good ,  smart actress with a promising career .  as long as she keeps making more movies such as  " the good girl "   ( in which she's terrific )  and less like  " along came polly ,  "  she'll have a career of which she could be proud .   aniston tries desperately to overcome the limp material with which she's working ,  but it's a daunting task for any actress .  with the exception of a few moments with alec baldwin ,  as reuben's boss stan ,  and philip seymour hoffman ,  as reuben's best friend sandy ,  there's nothing funny in this awful film .  other supporting characters ,  including debra messing as lisa and hank azaria as claude ,  are annoying .  azaria's accent is not only stupid ,  it's terribly unfunny .   the premise of  " along came polly "  certainly showed promise .  unfortunately ,  it needed a writer who could actually turn it into a good comedy ,  instead of this lame ,  dull ,  boring excuse for a comedy . 
the movie appeals to public due to charisma of ben stiller and notoriety of j .  aniston .  it seems that we have here a recipe for a successful title ,  but there's nothing successful in this movie .   polly is very well played by aniston ,  no doubt .  this is the kind of character which suits her perfectly .    bem stiller is the same troublesome guy like in  "  meet the parents "  ,  but in this movie the comic scenes are few compared to the title mentioned above .   the script is very poor with nothing special at all .  with this two well payed actors the things could get a lot better - but what can they do when there is such a poor story and script .   4 out of 10 . 
i have an awful pan-and-scan videotape of  " boom !  "  ,  and i want to see it in all its widescreen glory .  so i voted  " 1 "  and hope you will too .  together ,  we can pull this movie down into the pits of cinematic dross ,  and hope that someone will see an opportunity for big money in releasing  " boom !  "  in its director's cut extended version .  the movie is one of my howling favoritesyou just look at the people involved ,  the director ,  the actors ,  the cameraman ,  and you say to yourself ,   " yep ,  i guess you can fool some of the people for a lot of time .  "  producers considering the dvd release of  " boom !  "  should note that ,  everywhere it's been shown ,  there have been sellout crowds in the theaters .  but it hasn't been up to frostbite falls yet . 
is rich ,  ailing elizabeth taylor courting the angel of death on her island fortress in the mediterranean ,  or is she just overreacting--or more precisely ,  overacting--as usual ?  actually ,  both are applicable in director joseph losey's wandering ,  meandering mess called  " boom "  ,  appropriately titled since tempers in the lush ,  luxurious setting are nearly ready to explode .  richard burton climbs taylor's mountain uninvited ;  she dresses him in a samurai's robe complete with saber .  though great-looking in widescreen ,  the picture is otherwise quite deadly ,  a failure even liz 'n dick-philes should shun  ( the stars' collective  " what the hell !  "  attitude to their late-'60s film careers reached an ego-mad nadir here )  .  pointless ,  confused ,  and maddening ,   " boom "  is a catastrophe--although screenwriter tennessee williams ,  who adapted his own unsuccessful play  " the milk train doesn't stop here anymore "  ,  was said to be quite fond of it !  * from ****
whatever rating i give boom is only because of the superb location photography of sardinia and rome .  otherwise ,  this is only for hardcore addicts of elizabeth taylor  ( her downward phase )  ,  and richard burton  ( his miscasting phase )  .  tennessee williams wrote  " the milk train doesn't stop here anymore "  and is supposed to be very fond of this adaptation of his play--but apparently ,  he was the only one .  taylor reportedly hated it and burton needed the money .   whatever ,  it amounts to a hill of beans with taylor posturing and fuming in her shrill manner ,  exploding at the servants and exchanging bad baby-talk with no less than noel coward who seems to be a visitor from another film when he finally appears .   it's so campy that among taylor fans it's probably considered a  " must see "  kind of thing .  but if you can sit through this one without a drink in your hand ,  you're way ahead of me .  sadly ,  this is the film that signified the end of taylor being taken seriously as a film actress ,  even after winning two oscars .  for burton ,  it was equally disastrous and the critics called it a bomb .  judge for yourself if you dare . 
'chances are' a big mistake to see .  you could know director emile ardolino from 'dirty dancing' and 'sister act' and should expect something amusing from him .  but i guess i have to disillusion you .  he made a really ,  really bad movie .   according to the story christopher mcdonald dies to reburn as a baby .  the baby grows up robert downey jr ,  and jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter ,  mary stuart masterson  ( complicated ,  huh ?  )  .   they fall in love with each other .  then appears jr former wife ,  cybill shepherd ,  and jr falls in love with her too .  i guess i don't even have to mention that she loves ryan o'neil .   in one of his first roles robert downey jr's on his worst .  he copies michael j fox .   after the 'moonlighting' shepherd proves that she's not suitable for acting in movies .   anyway ,  there's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used :  as antidote to insomnia . 
wow !  pretty terrible stuff .  the richard burton/elizabeth taylor roadshow lands in sardinia and hooks up with arty director joseph losey for this remarkably ill-conceived tennessee williams fiasco .  taylor plays a rich ,  dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates ,  very loudly ,  her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary .  when scoundrel burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend ,  taylor realizes her time is up .  ludicrious in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if taylor and burton are acting badly or if it was williams' intention to make their characters so unappealing .  if that's the case ,  then the acting is brilliant !  burton mumbles his lines ,  including the word boom several times ,  while taylor screeches her's .  she's really awful .  so is noel coward as taylor's catty confidante ,  the  " witch of capri .  "    presumably boom is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard williams themes ,  but it's so misdirected by losey ,  that had taylor and burton not spelled it out for the audience during their mostly inane monologues ,  any substance the film has would have been completely diluted .    boom does have stunning photography---the camera would have to have been out of focus to screw up the beauty of sardinia !  the supporting cast features joanna shimkus ,  the great romolo valli as taylor's resourceful doctor and michael dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard .  .  . both he and his dogs do a number on burton ! 
this astonishing waste of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as stupid and wasteful as politicians .  from a  ( silly )  play by tennessee williams and directed  ( with a dead hand )  by joseph losey and starring taylor and burton and noel coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the mediterranean must have seemed a sure fire winner when presented to universal in 1967 .  the result is so absurd and tedious that it almost defies belief .  visually the film is spectacular but that is the force of nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set .  the shrill antics of a screeching taylor ,  burton's half asleep wanderings ,  the loony dialog ,  noel coward laughing at himself ,  the ridiculous story and plot devices and the absurd costuming simply irritate the viewer .  boom is a disgrace ,  a waste of money and talent and clear proof that lauded famous people can be idiots just like the rest of the planet's plebs .  not even fun .  just terrible and mad shocking waste . 
boy ,  this was one lousy movie !  while i haven't seen all of the burton/taylor collaborations ,  i can say with confidence that this is the worst .  this rich but ill woman  ( taylor ,  of course )  owns this beautiful island in the meditteranean ,  ruling over a put-upon staff when she's suddenly visited by this traveling poet ,  who mouths platitudes .  in fact ,  the whole film is just a talk fest ,  with much of the talk making no sense .  even in 1968 ,  no one could make heads or tails of this pretentious nonsense ,  and the passage of time makes that even more clear .  if it weren't for the beautiful cinematography and scenery ,  it would deserve a negative rating .  the only thing this film is good for is its unintentional laughs at the expense of the stars . 
 " boom "  has garnered itself a something of a reputation .  with heavyweights taylor ,  burton ,  noel coward ,  tennessee williams and joseph losey ,  one might be tempted to think ,  how bad could it be ?  well ,  it's a lot worse than you could possibly imagine .   the sad and disturbing fact of  " boom "  is that is seems to signal the decline and fall of the aforementioned heavyweights .  it was only director joseph losey who having plummeted the depths with  " modesty blaise "  and  " boom "   ( some may wish to add  " secret ceremony "  )  ,  managed to recuperate and in 1970 create his best work ,  the wonderful  " go-between "  .   saddest of all is the work of tennesee williams .  from the mid forties until the early sixties ,  williams penned a number of plays which have gained classic status ,  remaining in theater repertory throughout the world ,  many becoming much praised films .  when william's muse deserted him ,  probably owing to his notorious substance abuse ,  it deserted him for good .  williams at his best is an actor's dream providing many unforgettable performances .   ( were ava gardner or deborah kerr ever better than in  " night of the iguana "   ?   )  taylor in particular ,  shone in both  " cat on a hot tin roof "  and  " suddenly last summer "  .  there is an anecdote in which supposedly taylor asks john gielgud whether he would teach her to play shakespeare ,  to which he replied  " if you will teach me to play tennessee williams "  .  had gielgud seen  " boom "  he would have held his tongue .  taylor simply has never been worse ,  turning in a cringe inducing performance .  despite her face photographing well ,  she is decidedly podgy .  besides the physical decline ,  from this time onwards she would basically lose credibility as a serious actress with a string of completely forgettable  ( and worse )  roles to her credit .   much the same could be said of burton .  following his short lived theatrical stardom ,  he won fame and fortune in hollywood .  but the body of his work from this point onwards  ( 1968 )  would be unremarkable to say the least .   noel coward had long ceased being a force in the theater where his drawing room comedies had been replaced by the likes of williams and the british  " angry young men "  .  he seems to be enjoying himself camping it up ,  but barely manages to amuses ,  that from the man who claimed such a talent .   the only cast member who maintains her dignity is young joanna shimkus ,  who in a few years would forego a promising screen career to become mrs .  sidney poitier .    " boom "  reeks of self indulgence ;  it's simply out of control .  a rather sad pointer to careers gone wrong rather than a camp fun fest as some have suggested . 
occasionally one is served a new entrée from foreign films .  that is their great attraction .  they take from life and serve it up raw .  american films ,  rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society .  too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure .  the almighty dollar ,  determines their selections .  something which invites european directors .  in addition ,  audiences world wide remain hungry for  " different "  films ,  especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched ,  suffering body of humanity .  despite the fear of directors or producers ,  many audiences yearn for beauty ,  poetry ,  and the pristine flavor of life .  that is what the film  " to the left of the father "  offers to curious audiences .  a family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition .  yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans ,  filled with raging ,  unbridled dreams and dark passions ,  then the two are set in motions against itself .  selton mello plays andré a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father .  raul cortez plays his father .  simone spoladore is ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters .  leonardo medeiros is pedro ,  the elder brother .  the film offers much ,  but does takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it .  ***
i was always curious about this film because it is so tough to find ,  so when i stumbled upon it on ebay i forked over the $10 and bought it ,  now i understand why its so rare !  this film is so bad ,  so terribly written and hopelessly low budget that the ending credits ,  which show all of the cut scenes where they fumbled their lines ,  are literally the movie's highlight .  the film is about a psychic  ( pettyjohn ,  cast for one obvious reason ,  her topless scene )  whom uses her powers with an experimental machine to pull objects from another dimension into this reality .  when she pulls in some kind of box like object the military nonchalantly throws it into the open back of a truck with one soldier to guard it ,  and gee ,  what do you know ?  surprise !  a kid in a foam-rubber monster costume pops out ,  instantly kills the soldier with a scratch across his face ,  then escapes to a nearby city .  but rather than deploy half the armed forces of the county to find it and protect the public those in charge just leave it up to pettyjohn and ray to find it on their own ,  but no matter ,  this movie blows all its credibility long before then .  this barely escapes being voted a 1 by me only because of unintentional laughs ,  somebody needs to alert the producers of  " mystery science theater 3000 "  if they don't know about it already !  2 out 10 ,  really ,  really bad ! 
if you're watching this movie ,  you're either a fred olen ray fan ,  you found it on the $4 . 99 shelf at suncoast and thought  " what do i have to lose ?  "  ,  or you spun around the video store with your eyes closed and rented the first movie your finger touched .   this movie is hysterically bad .  it's got everything a terrible movie needs :  a screenplay featuring jaw-dropping dialogue and baffling detours in the plot ,  wacky science involving psychics and other dimensions ,  continuity that seems to travel through wormholes in time and space ,  actors that are not only wooden ,  but seems to border on befuddled ,  gratuitous nudity  ( not all of it is what you necessarily would ask for )  ,  and of course ,  a 5' monster played by what i assume is fred olen ray's kid .   underneath it all ,  however ,  there is something resembling heart -- as if mickey & judy decided to get together all the kids in the neighborhood and make a monster movie  ( hey !  my dad can direct it !  yeah !  we can use red paint from my johnny's dad's hardware store ,  and i know this ex-stripper who can act in it !  )  .   watch for the blooper reel over the credits -- you get to find out why the final cut of the movie was so crappy .   incidentally ,  biohazard ii .  .  . the alien force is also worth a look ,  but doesn't have the same enjoyably crappy veneer this one does . 
i couldn't believe some of the horrible dialog coming out of people's mouths ,  and the end reel of bloopers attached to body of the film was a real hoot .  and we get titty shots of angelique pettyjohn  ( sort of )  and loren crabtree to boot .   a teleportation device activated by psychic angelique pettyjohn brings an alien container to an underground lab out in the desert .  according to director fred olen ray ,  they were leftover sets from the klaus kinski film ,  android which gives the film an increased value beyond how cheap it looks .   inside the container is a midget alien  ( played by ray's son )  who starts clawing people to death .  it was pretty funny watching this little 'creature' in a black reptile suit with what looks like large beetle shells attached to it ,  running around in the dark .  we even get to see the little thing stamp and tear at a poster of et ,  which i thought was hilarious .   and then there's what looks like a snake that also comes out of the container that gets hammered to death by william fair ,  after the mini creature chews into frank mcdonald's neck in the kitchen .  a low budget take on alien ,  i suppose .  .  .   the whole thing ends abruptly ,  looking like they ran out of film at the end before the blooper reel comes in with the end credits .  talk about a lack of funding .  .  .   fred olen ray also mentions in the director's commentary that they also weren't sure if aldo ray would make through the shooting and remember his lines .  he barely did .   low budget cheese sneeze .  it's fun to watch ,  i'll grant ya that .    4 out of 10
below average movie with poor music considering a movie based on music ?  ?  ?  ordinary script & direction with full of blunders .  salman khan was at his usual acting .  ajay's performance deteriorating with time as his looks , especially his styles as a rock star were pathetic .  asin was just a showpiece only .  overall i felt like wasting my money in cinema .  salman khan remains as immature as 10 years ago compared to aamir khan .  there were many songs in the movie all boring except  " man ko ati "  .  the most important song to impress the uk music sponsor was most unimpressive .   " khanabadosh "  can be very easily understood by an english music sponsor .  the other movie i saw last week was  " wake up sid "  which was simple slow love story with good direction & acting despite average music
predictable plot .  simple dialogue .  shockingly unemotional performances .  but robert downey ,  jr .  is so cute ,  i gave this  " poor man's afternoon special "  a 3 instead of the 1 or 2 it so richly deserved . 
first thing first  .  in this genre movie the first thing you need is a good music  ,  and thats where mr .  shankar and his party fails .   music is completely pale and uneffective .  on other hand there is ajay devgan  ,  who has removed a letter 'a' from his spelling  ,  done good job but was of no use to a bad casted movies like this .   asin is like a doll which is used to amuse public ,  even though she is good to look at but her role in movie is to dance ,  actually she is dancing member of a rock band and i don't think any rock band have there dancer as a member of band .   in nut shell this movie is a piece of crap a piece of ***t .  watch it if you wanna get fooled . 
it's a bad season for bollywood with all the big releases with a massive hype surrounding proving to be duds at the box office .  london dreams is no exception to that .  let's dissect it .  .  .  it's all about chasing your dreams and how far will you go to achieve it .  sounds impressive right ?  but unfortunately the film is not .   arjun  ( ajay devgan )  is an aspiring musician who wants to make it big someday .  his dream is to perform in wembley stadium in front of a cheering 90 , 000 audience calling out his name .  he is joined by two brothers ,  zoheb & wasim  ( debutants aditya roy & ranvijay )  and a ravishing priya  ( asin )  .  together they form  " london dreams "  their dream band .  after impressing the chief of a record company ,  they become overnight sensations .  arjun is secretly in love with priya which he doesn't want to reveal till he achieves his goal .  arjun then brings his childhood friend manjit khosla aka mannu  ( salman khan )  ,  a carefree flirtatious guy who has got no ambitions in life ,  to join their band .  mannu is a trained musician and a real talent for whom later arjun become envious for mannu's superior skills and his affair with priya .  arjun with the help of zoheb plans to blight mannu .  what happens next forms the rest of the movies .   coming to the technical aspects ,  we feel only the shadow of vipul amritlal sha whom we have admired in namaste london .  felt like he simply visualized the screenplay .  to cut it short ,  a glorified cameraman .  screenplay by suresh nair dulls even though it has its moments .  defined in a predictable fashion ,  the screenplay bore you to stiff .  camera work was awesome in capturing the beauty of london .  it's the only entertaining part while watching songs .   few songs are hummable while others are passable noisy fare .  ajay was the one who stole the show with his negative character .  salman is monotonous and he irks you .  asin is forgettable and i don't that she will make it big in bollywood .  aditya roy is impressive while ranvijay is strictly ok .  brinda as the bitch is what we have seen in innumerable movies .  ompuri is ongoing with the proceedings .  i don't want to pen down about the flaws as it will be a herculean task .   finally let me put it simple and straight ,  london dreams is a soulless movie which you may better enjoy on dvd . 
the lack of content in this movie amazed me the most .  first i though that people was going to compare this to rock on !  but i'm really surprised myself to say that this was worst than rock on !  so-so story horrible cast ajay devgan jamming with salman khan and asin you gotta be kidding me .  the music was okay khanabadosh was the track of the movie the rest was bad !  vipul shah hasn't still learn from singh is king's critically bashed comedy .  now asin .  .  where do she come from sorry for asin's fan out there but she suck*d big time in this movie seriously bad acting she didn't look good at all overdose of make-up !  my final verdict go watch aladin with your family instead wasting your time here . 
london dreams ,  directed by vipul shah ,  is a frustratingly foolish film about foolish people .  it's the kind of film whose central conflict could be instantly resolved if the characters concerned simply sat down and had a chat .  ajay devgan plays arjun ,  an aspiring pop-artiste obsessed with performing before a cheering crowd at london's wembley stadium .  he becomes jealous of his devoted best friend and band-mate manu ,  played by salman khan ,  who is evidently more talented than him ,  but nowhere near as focused or ambitious .  arjun decides to sabotage manu when the latter's popularity threatens to outshine his own .  now here's where a heart-to-heart might have helped .  had arjun explained what this wembley fixation meant to him ,  manu would have graciously backed off and let arjun fulfill his childhood dream ,  and we'd have been spared the agony of watching the rest of this uninspiring drivel .  but director vipul shah and his writers are in no mood to do us any favours .  london dreams is packed with unintentionally hilarious gems like that back-story involving arjun's grandpa who committed suicide out of shame for getting stage-fright at a packed wembley concert .  or the ridiculous incident at a show where manu must take over vocal responsibilities after a blast of confetti practically chokes arjun into silence .  the idiocy ,  however ,  doesn't end there .  in his attempts to shame manu publicly ,  arjun uses his connections to get manu hooked onto drugs .  a buxom groupie urges manu to down a couple of tequila shots with her but replaces his salt with cocaine .  before you know it ,  manu has acquired quite the appetite for the addictive white powder ,  practically chomping it down like dinner .  if that isn't silly enough ,  there's a crude scene later in which manu chases after the said girl to find out who she's been taking orders from .  the pursuit ends in a dark london alley where the girl gets down on her knees pretending to do the unmentionable so as to mislead manu's girlfriend who's been secretly following after them .  wait ,  there's more !  expect to howl hysterically when arjun snaps off his belt and whips himself mercilessly to banish all thoughts of romance or lust towards the band's lead dancer priya  ( played by asin )  because nothing and no one must distract him from his musical goals .  too generously inspired by milos forman's amadeus for it to merit any comparison with last year's rock on !  ,  vipul shah's latest is a clunky melodrama that's as loosely directed as it is scripted .  the film goes for broad humor ,  over-the-top emotions ,  and basically chooses loudness over subtlety .  that works for manu's character ,  with salman khan playing him all loutish and lovable ,  but in the case of arjun ,  ajay devgan comes off too passive with a performance that is mostly internalised .  when arjun does reach boiling point however ,  it results in an awkward pre-climax scene in which he lectures a packed concert hall and is understandably pelted with plastic bottles as punishment .  of the remaining cast ,  there's not a kind word i can say for asin ,  who practically lit up ghajini with her ebullient charm ,  but disappoints here with unnecessary over-acting in a thankless role .  ranvijay singh and aditya roy kapur ,  reduced to mere sidekicks in the band ,  show up at regular intervals ,  usually to utter some inane dialogue like ,   " we'll rock it dude !  "  for its dim-witted writing and sloppy direction ,  london dreams is ultimately a tiresome watch .  if you must ,  watch it for salman khan who's turned buffoonery into a bonafide acting style .  it's the only thing that'll make you smile in this sad ,  sad film . 
vipul shah has done some really impressive work as a filmmaker in the past .  'waqt - the race against time' and 'namaste london' were entertaining and interesting to watch .  'singh is kinng' was fun ,  which he produced .  his latest outing as a filmmaker 'london dreams' comes up as his careers weakest fare .   'london dreams' has a mediocre storyline ,  it's about how success turns friendship into hatred .  agreed ,  it has the potential but when you watch 'london dreams' you wonder what's happening ?  this film has maybe the worst climax in recent times .  vipul shah the writer puts vipul shah the director down .    the first hour is boring ,  the second hour is better ;  but again the climax is horrendous .  how can anyone forgive a person who decided to destroy you ?  i won't .  ajay devgn suddenly decides to go to india and ask forgiveness to his diaper buddy ,  thanks to his uncle om puri .  when he reaches india ,  rather than slapping or abusing him salman welcomes him with band baja and says he was the reason behind the entire fiasco ?  was vipul shah's intension to show salman's character as a god ?  if yes ,  than you've failed completely .  the only question i want to ask vipul shah is that ,  would you welcome a person who destroyed you with such a great reception ?  write what you feel ,  don't fool us {the audience} ,  we are sensible enough to understand what's good or not .    this is a musical but the music by shankar-eshaan-loy is terrible .  not a single song stays in your mind .    salman is superb though .  he carries the film on his shoulders and does really ,  really well in the emotional scenes .  but again his character is shown as a god ,  which makes him look like a retard in the end .  ajay is equally good ,  but salman has over-shadowed him completely .  asin is wasted ,  and what is a great talent like om puri doing in this film ?  rannvijay hams ,  though aditya roy kapoor excels .  brinda parekh is alright as the vamp .   on the whole ,  this dream remains a dream ! 
who were they kidding with this ?  there was just too much in this film that was hard to digest .  right from when arjun  ( ajay devgan )  unknowingly wishes death on his father to when he arrives in london with his uncle ( played by om puri )  only to abandon him minutes later .  the only problem with that theory is that anybody who has ever passed through london heathrow knows that such a fête would be impossible to pull off and especially not by an indian .  but the film problems do not end there ,  there's the issue of the two main leads  ( salman khan and ajay devgan )  passing as rock-stars on the verge of achieving their dreams .  i mean yeah we saw success come to susan boyle  ( a woman in the uk achieving her dreams after age 50 )  but that was a rare case .  it was really hard for me to suspend my disbelief because i felt that the casting of salman and ajay was just ill-conceived .  they would never cast madhuri dixit and sridevi to play the same roles so why should we be forced to watch ajay devgan and salman khan  ( men well into their 40s )  prance around desperately trying to hang on to their 20s ?  let's not even talk about the most self-conscious actress on screen today ,  asin .  this is her second film  ( that i have seen )  and she is just hopeless as an actress ,  so conscious of her looks that she only concerns herself with looking good and voguing for the camera rather than giving in a good acting performance .  it's just hard to believe that she turned down all those other movie roles to star in this fluff and then be so fluffy as an actress ,  nothing to write home about at all .  and to top all of that ,  the film just boringly dragged on .  there's nothing special about it at all ,  trust me you will predict every clichéd thing that is going to happen in it . 
maaan ,  where do i start with this god awful movie .  bad bad bad story telling .  i do not know what the director was thinking when he made this movie .  namaste london was quite an enjoyable movie to be honest .  . even the soundtrack was good .  but in this one .  . oh my good .  . for a movie which is supposed to be a musical one .  . the songs are soooo bad .  ar rahman should have been the music director .    given two great actors a much better job should have been done by the director .  even though the first half sucks ,  the last 30 mins of the movie are ok .  performances from salman and ajay save the movie from being a total disaster .   watch it if you have nothing better to do .  the last good movie from bollywood i watched  (  and i do watch a load of them )  is dev d and wake up sid . 
the movie is a total crap .  we have two good actors who are miscast and a meat-head of an actor salman khan just to attract the female audience .  the story is a crap .  the characters poorly sketched .  non existent story telling .  no editing to speak of .  ajay devgan as a rock star .  . that is a dream in itself .  the movie drags along to the point of decadence .  the whole charade about arjun bringing his manna to london ,  let him grope his girlfriend and let him not play at wembley  ( vimbley in the dubbing process )  is absurd .  salman khan's over the top acting or faking is too painful to watch .  i remember seeing some good movies from this producer vipul shah but this is not one of them .  it seems all the good directors are falling prey to the box office mania .  . that the mumbai media morons have created .  this is yet another crap movie in the lines of  " wanted "  with idiot actor like salman khan who has no place in a good hindi cinema .  he is good to the indian cinema as titanic was to the winter cruise business .  on a positive note-i like asin character dancing bharatnatyam when she changes to the western style dancing when the teacher is not looking . 
the film was written 10 years back and a different director was planning it with srk and aamir in lead roles  the film finally was made now with vipul shah directing it and ajay and salman starring together after a decade hum dil de chuke sanam ( 1999 )   the movie however falls short due to it's 90's handling and worst it's loopholes  the film tries to pack in too many commercial ingredients and we also hav the love triangle  everything is predictable and filmy and too clichéd  there are loopholes like how ajay runs away from london airport and makes a place for himself with no one ?  even the way he starts his band is not convincing the second half gets better with the twist in the tale of ajay destroying salman but sadly the climax falls short and the film ends on a bad note  direction by vipul shah is ordinary to below average music is the worst point ,  most songs are mediocre  amongst actors ajay gives his best shot though he isn't convincing as a rock singer yet he does superb as the negative role salman however irritates with his punjabi and talking nonsense he only impresses when he gets drugged and thereon asin is nothing great just a show piece ranvijay should stick to mtv om puri is okay
i just wondering what is the purpose of making movies like this ?  the profit ?  and to whom they are referring what intelligence must use your brain to watch something like this crap ?  this movie is watchable by under 3 years old children if you are adults don't try to watch it .  thats the reason i think hollywood started to use cartoons in movies with actors like this you must forget the art of cinema  ,  be sure that you ll have tons of pop corn to consume for time to pass till this movie ends also get many cola's hamburgers your laptop your cellphone this movie can be used easily in a restaurant but for sure not in a theater  ,  my dog who is always next to my family when watching a movie left the building . the sure thing is that this movie is referring to people with no demands from the cinema art . the only thing that this movie can be used is for watching it when making the supermarket shopping list . i am giving 2 stars for supporting the india's cinema efforts but for nothing more or less .  . 
the movie is plain bad .  simply awful .  the string of bad movies from bollywood has no end !  they must be running out of excuses for making such awful movies  ( or not )  .   the problem seems to be with mainly the directors .  this movie has 2 good actors who have proved in the past that the have the ability to deliver great performance .  .  . but they were directed so poorly .  the poor script did not help either .   this movie has plenty of ridiculous moments and very bad editing in the first half .  for instance  :   after his 1st big concert ,  ajay devgan ,  meets up with om puri  ( from whom he ran away some 30 years ago and talked to again )  and all om puri finds to say is to beware of his friendship with salman !  !  !  what a load of crap .  seriously .  not to mention the baaad soundtrack .  whatever happened to shankar ehsaan loy ?   ajay devgun is total miscast for portraying a rockstar .   only saving grace are the good performances in the second half .  ajay shines as his character shows his dark side .  so does salman as the drug addict .    watch it maybe only for the last half hour . 
first i liked that movie .  it seemed to me a nice comedy with some silly moments .  the costume designer albert wolsky did his best !  !  !  the same as wonderful set decorator robert r .  benton - this man really had a very good taste !  !  !  but the script writers disappointed me extremely .  the best ending would be the scene on the ladder ,  but instead of it ,  they decided that the father and his daughter should be together .  don't like the ending .  the father becomes boyfriend of his own daughter and his ex-wife knows about it and finds it alright .  it would be ok ,  if the scriptwriters would for example say that now there is a different soul in the body ,  but they did not ,  they only deprived him of memories .  the actors were good ,  they were really funny .  cybill shepherd was charming ,  robert downey jr .  was very funny in the dancing scene  :   )  )  )  .  .  .  but some of the moments spoil even the impression of good acting .  for example ,  corinne jeffries ,  played by cybill shepherd after the death of her husband was waiting for him 23 years  ( it's a long time !  )  ,  she was true to him ,  she loved nobody but him ,  and when she met him and was just about making love to him ,  after a scene with her friend philip train  ( ryan o'neal )  ,  she very easily betrayed the man she was longing for so many years !  !  !  it would be a good movie ,  if not the ending and some missed human psychology . 
i ended up watching this movie before even going through any of the reviews ,  on the request of a female .  just out of curiosity ,  i thought ,  let me find out if there are people who actually recommend others to watch this movie .  i am quite shocked to find such long and positive reviews on this website that makes me conclude that it's a scam .   as far as my opinion goes ,  i have to ask ,  " are these filmmakers retarded or do they assume that the viewers are retarded ?  "  the movie is atrocious on so many levels and i'm not even talking about the story or presentation .   so ,  these bunch of guys plus one girl  ( the lead actress )  form a music band ;  guessing from the constant presence of guitars it is supposed to be a rock band .  hell ,  when did dancers started becoming the part of a rock band ?  ?  ?  anyway ,  let me accept it as the-bollywood-version-of-a- rock-band ,  but amusingly enough all the scores which actually had these two guitarists doing all kinds of cool  " rock gestures "  and i am assuming they were playing the instruments ,  the sound of the guitar was completely missing !  !  !  i simply can't comprehend the magnitude of stupidity here .  .  .  .   i am just going to conclude here because it is absolutely not worth pointing out any further flaws in the movie .  bollywood directors seem to have no shame anymore !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
this movie has the made for tv stink all over it .  though ,  it started out with great intentions ,  featuring great looking sets and authentic props and costumes .  the film quickly degenerated into horrible on the nose cheesy dialogue ,  and rushed tv sappy melodramatic acting .  the characters were so sappy that at times i thought that they are about to degenerate into a bilious puddle of goo ,  and the action was so convoluted and poorly cut that it looked as it the soldiers were merely standing around and taking turns shooting at one another .  the germans were so unrealistically depicted that it was painful to watch .  the only thing that the german officers talked about was how wonderful the americans are .  please take my word for this .  i am a huge fan of the war genre ,  and this movie is crap .  nevertheless ,  this dvd does have an excellent extra feature ,  covering letters from the wwi front lines ,  thus making this rental not a total waste of my time . 
1 )  i am not weapon expert ,  but even i can see difference between u . s .  army riffles in wwi and wwii .  in movie we can see privates ,  armed with  " m1 garand "   ( invented in year 1932 !  )  ,  not authentic  " 1903 springfield "   ( aka  " silent death "  )  ,  who privates use until wwii .  difference - m1 can load 1 , 5 times more ammunition and 3 times more fire rate !  m1 was semi - automatic ,  springfield requires reloading after every shot .  little difference ?  !  2 )  german army uniforms has borrowed from 1940 year too .  especially - helmets .  german helmets until end of wwi have significant pike on top ,  we cannot see even one in movie .  and if we make little additional search in archives - how much truthful is this  " true story "  ?  i am surprised ,  how much  " truthful "  can be film directors in a pursuit of cheap propagation . 
my god ,  what an incredible movie it is !  reminded me so much of the similar scene in mel gibson's movie  " we were soldiers "  when  " the company is not lost ,  they're just cut off "  and the other scene in pearl harbour when the british officer says to ben affleck  " if all americans are like you ,  then god help the nation that goes to war with america !   put all 3 movies together and you would have enough bullshit to fertilise the entire sahara desert .   the story of the cut-off battalion may be real enough but the movie could have done without all that american preachy jingoistic propaganda attached to it .  there were audible groans in the cinema during the above-mentioned scene in pearl harbour  ( no kidding either )  the lost battalion however is really in a class of its own  .    " americans think they are unbeatableinspired bravery .   "  i actually cringed and damn near puked at all the swill being spewed out throughout this diarrhoeic disaster  ( the movie that is )    the fighting scenes were well made  ( 3 stars for that )  but if the script is manure ,  then wrapped even in brightly coloured ribbons ,  it is still manure .  the writer ,  james carabatsos ,  also wrote those other screamershamburger hill ,  no mercy  ,  heartbreak ridge .  someone ,  please shoot him before he writes any more such garbage .   the director ,  russell mulcahy is an australian too .  god ,  the shame !  !  ! 
after watching this movie i was honestly disappointed - not because of the actors ,  story or directing - i was disappointed by this film advertisements .   the trailers were suggesting that the battalion  " have chosen the third way out "  other than surrender or die  ( polish infos were even misguiding that they had the choice between being killed by own artillery or german guns ,  they even translated the title wrong as  " misplaced battalion "  )  .  this have tickled the right spot and i bought the movie .   the disappointment started when i realized that the third way is to just sit down and count dead bodies followed by sitting down and counting dead bodies .  .  .  then i began to think  " hey ,  this story can't be that simple .  .  .  i bet this clever officer will find some cunning way to save what left of his troops "  .  well ,  he didn't ,  they were just sitting and waiting for something to happen .  and so was i .   the story was based on real events of world war i ,  so the writers couldn't make much use of their imagination ,  but even thought i found this movie really unchallenging and even a little bit boring .  and as i wrote in the first place - it isn't fault of actors ,  writers or director - their marketing people have raised my expectations high above the level that this movie could cope with . 
when this movie was first shown on television i had high hopes that we would finally have a decent movie about world war i as experienced by american soldiers .  unfortunately this is not it .   it should have been a good movie about wwi .  even though it was made for television it is obvious that a real effort was made to use appropriate equipment and props .  but the writing and directing are badly lacking ,  even though the makers of this movie obviously borrowed freely from quite a few well made war movies .  war movie clichés abound such as the arrogant general who apparently does not care a flip about the lives of his men .  when will hollywood realize that ,  even though there have been plenty of bad generals ,  most combat unit generals have seen plenty of combat themselves and are not naive about what the average grunt experiences ?  the first part of this movie appeared to be  " paths of glory "  with american uniforms .  except that  " paths of glory "  was emotionally gripping .  later on there was chamberlain's charge  ( except uphill )  from  " gettysburg "  and even the capture of the american soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from  " the thin red line "  .  but in  " the thin red line "  the soldier was alone when captured .  in this movie a ring forms around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle .   if this movie used a military adviser they ignored him .  even though the actors  ( and i never could forget they were actors while watching )  mouthed military tactics i didn't see very much of it .  the american soldiers would stand up to be shot while the germans attacked .  and the infamous storm troopers ,  who were apparently blind ,  appeared to use no tactics whatsoever in their attack .  in the real war ,  the tactics were what made storm troopers so effective .  but the silliest scene was the attack of the german flamethrowers .  in this scene the german flamethrower operators walked in a broad line towards the defending americans .  if that had been real they would never have gotten close enough to use their flamethrowers before they had all been dropped by the defender's bullets .   okay ,  so most war movies are unrealistic when it comes to the tactics shown .  but it is still disappointing .  but what really turned me off to this flick was the typical anti-war anti-military angle that movie makers seem to think is important .  true ,  war is hell .  but most american soldiers ,  even though they grumble and gripe ,  tend to believe in what they are doing and can be rather gung-ho about it .  my grandfather served in world war i .  and even though he died four years before i was born i have been told how proud he was of his service . 
i want to say the acting is bad ,  but i think it was the directing that made it so .  i never thought much of highlander  ( same director )  but that one could be blamed on the 80s .   this one however ,  has no excuses .  people get shot while exiting trenches with a man in front of him !  ?  those kind of mistakes ,  along with an unclear time line ,  weird battle tactics ,  sub-par cutting and poor visual effects ,  makes this one a sub-par film over all .   then like so many other have commented ,  all this american bullshit .  the german general being practically scared of his captured american private .  be prepared to swallow a lot of it ,  although in small doses .   to sum it up ,  a not horrible but still definitely sub-par war movie in all aspects . 
i usually read reviews before i watch a movie .  guess what ,  i didn't do that before watching tlb ,  and i have to say i was very surprised to see the above average rating at imdb .  i found it to have a total lack of story .  you just get dropped into it  ( and ,  sadly ,  not in the way saving private ryan dropped us into the movie )  ,  and it also has a sudden end ,  which was very unsatisfying for me .   i have to admit ,  the wounded soldiers looked pretty realistic to me ,  especially with the low budget in mind .  but prepare yourself to have a laugh .  .  .  some guys are being tossed through the air after an explosion as if they are olympic gymnasts .  a mid-air corkscrew or somersault during ww i is a bit too much for me ,  especially when it's performed countless times during the movie .  .  .   but the parts that really got me laughing until i almost cried were the scenes containing close combat .  the screaming and shouting german voices .  .  . unbelievably funny .  it seems as if they are spoken by one single actor / voice performer ,  because they all sound exactly the same ,  and it just sounds like a 'typical' german voice .   i would absolutely not recommend this movie to anyone ,  except to people who just want to have some laughs because of the sad and corny quality of it . 
films starring child actors put themselves on the back foot from the very beginning .  while there are some exceptions ,  the majority of kids just cant act and even the ones that can normally become annoying after a few minutes .  the kids in paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds ,  as they're both very annoying and they don't have an ounce of acting ability between them .  in short ;  they're rubbish .  this isn't good considering that they're the leads ,  and it especially isn't good when you consider the fact that it is virtually impossible to take this film seriously because of the rubbish actors .  it's a shame that this film is such a dead loss as the plot isn't  ( not completely )  .  it follows a young girl who ,  after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook ,  wakes up in the fantasy world that she has created .  it soon becomes apparent to her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings ,  and so sets about making various changes ,  until her dream eventually becomes a nightmare .  oh dear .   as you can see ,  this plot line gives a nice base for a good fantasy horror movie .  however ,  it is squandered through a number of fatal faults .  first and foremost ,  in spite of the premise being an excellent premise for lots of inventiveness ;  the movie is extremely stale .  the central plot is hardly played with at all ,  and the result is an entirely boring experience .  the lack of tension is another huge gaping flaw in the movie ,  as it sees fit to drag every sequence out to a point that you just don't care any more  ( which is due to a lack of ideas )  .  thanks in part to it's lead characters ,  the film feels like a kids movie throughout .  this is to be expected as it stars kids ,  but bernard rose should have decided the slant that he wanted to put on the story ;  as the horror in the movie is laughable at best .  the film is also very cheesy ,  and the 'romance' between the two leads is extremely cringe-worthy ,  and makes for very painful viewing .  in fact ,  if i had to sum this travesty up in one word ,  i would choose 'painful' .  paperhouse is poorly acted ,  laughably plotted ,  very corny and dull on the whole .  save yourself the pain ,  see something else . 
how cynical are the writers ,  to pander so .  i may be an american citizen ,  but i don't need to see other americans pat each other on the back for an hour and half in order to enjoy a film .  i'm astonished that so few have commented on how utterly jingoistic ,  sentimental and trite the dialogue in this film really is .  the historical inaccuracies of the film are not as gross and offensive as in  " u-571 "   ( which changes british submariners to american ones )  but you still walk away feeling a little slimy .  really ,  the germans in this film do nothing but admire the americans between battle scenes !  how sad ,  unnecessary !  i'd just like to say to the writers :  it's obvious to many of us that you can't capture real people ,  with real problems ,  under real pressure ,  and that you've taken some very well tested shortcuts .  lucky for you there will always be nationalist nutjobs to appreciate your sugar-coated tripe . 
this book-based movie is truly awful ,  and a big disappointment .  we've been waiting for this move over a month .  many film reviewer were hopeful for it .  also in newspapers and tv ,  it made big sense .  when 29th april comes ,  many people regretfully noticed that movie is really awful .  why ?  first of all story was so monotone .  it has been many indefinite scenes ,  sometimes it's hard to realize what's going on .  the actresses ,  out of hulya avsar ,  weren't harmonized with their roles ,  especially vildan atasever .  she acts better in comedy films ,  in this movie ,  a kind of drama ,  she couldn't disposed of her previous role .  and finally movie is too short ,  just 66 minutes . 
interesting ?  hardly .  the 'scientific evidence' the movie provides for its point  ( which is basicly that jews are a cancer )  is so stupid and lame ,  it's almost laughable  ( if we didn't know what happened in that era )  .   important ?  nah .  i can't imagine germans  ( even at that horrid time )  would like or believe this movie .  compare it to riefenstahl's triumf des willens .  now that was i movie i was impressed with .  this is just silly garbage .   'best' part is a scene from m  ( one of my all-time favorites )  where  ( the jew ,  as the announcer so eloquently keeps reminding us )  lorre plays a child-molester and murderer .  in the eyes of these film-makers ,  only a depraved mind can do so .  uh-huh .  didn't know m was hitler's favorite movie ,  right ?   no ,  it's just plain stupid .  even for it's nazi-propaganda genre .  2/10 . 
having seen  " triumph of the will ,  "  i can only say this movie is ghastly ,  even measured against the historically low  " standards "  of the time .  naturally it's all totally fabricated and prejudicial .  this is what one would expect of 1930's german propaganda .  unfortunately ,  the quality of the presentation ,  itself ,  is hackneyed and cheap .  it's also so blatantly ridiculous that even contemporary germans must've left the theater holding their noses .  in a genre renowned for its base appeal ,  lack of originality and unapologetic wrong-headedness ,  this film doesn't even qualify as  " bad .  "  it would have to improve significantly to attain that status ! 
this film is justly famous as one of the most horrible examples of propaganda ever produced .  the insistent equation of jews with disease is simply  pathological ,  and even worse it almost becomes believable for brief seconds  through its sheer repetition .  the fact that something this crude works ,  even  briefly ,  is an object lesson in itself .  you have to have a strong stomach and a firm grip on yourself to sit through this ,  and i wouldn't recommend trying unless you have a good reason . 
1940 .  - a visit to the lodz ghetto in nazi-occupied poland ,  recorded by a german cameramen with the naive co-operation of the jewish community ,  is combined with archival footage ,  clips from international newsreels ,  and excerpts from related cultural films to portray the world's jews as swindlers and parasites .  this 'documentary' interprets jewish life from the viewpoint of traditional anti-semitism and nazi ideology .  a candid ,  cinematically-unique expression of racial hatred .  i personally find this film frightening and highly offensive .  one can only hope that such pictures as this will never reach the screen again . 
that shall be a documentary ?  i saw it  ( which is forbidden in germany )  and i have to say ,  that it was the worst documentary i've ever seen .  it is nothing but one big lie from the beginning to the end .  who can doubt after this trash that all jews were supposed to be killed in the concentration camps ? 
the eternal jew  ( der ewige jude )  does not have what we today would call the markings of a scholarly document :  rather than naming experts or sources to support what it says ,  it simply says ,  without opposition ,  what it wants us to believe  ( one will concede that american newsreels of that period were also much less regulated than would seem ethical to a modern audience ,  often inserting dramatized scenes and passing them off as actual news footage )  .  add to this directed propaganda the fact that filmmaker hippler was  " preaching to the converted ,  "  not so much asking gentile europeans to hate the jews as validating the feelings so many of them must have held already ,  in order to have allowed the holocaust that followed .  the weakest link in the film's logic shows in its  " rat "  analogy ,  wherein it goes on to explain the behavior of rats ,  and then adds something to the effect of  " well ,  jewish people are like that too .  "  similarly it characterizes jewish people as ugly by showing ugly jewish people in comparison to attractive gentiles ;  the accompanying leap of faith is that ugly is bad .  the film appears to contradict itself a few times ,  for example by attacking western painters who portrayed old testament characters as light-skinned europeans ;  thereby the text admits that so-called  " hebrew "  ethnicity is in fact an ingrained aspect of christian culture .  it also shows ghetto jews willingly living in roach-infested filth ,  despite the supposed treasure they've hoarded ,  and then flip-flops by saying that these same undesirables live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the ghetto .  incidentally ,  who wouldn't ?  the use of scenes from a well-known american film ,  house of rothschild ,  shows an equally blurry deployment of logic .  first the film is denounced as having been made by jews ;  then it is apparently used by hippler to verify the deceptiveness of jews  ( the aforementioned pretense of poverty by ghetto jews ,  shown as a means of avoiding taxation ,  although the rothschild character's  " spin "  is that jews are taxed excessively )  ;  finally the rothschild film is once again execrated for implying that the famed banking family invented the checking account .  this apparent indecisiveness in whether the american footage is shown positively or negatively might become clearer with repeated viewings ,  but at first sight it makes for some murky moviewatching .  for all of eternal jew's imperfections ,  i was at first surprised that the imdb viewer rating for this film is as high as it is ,  just shy of a  " 5 "  to date .  i'd say the reason is that ej's documentary value has exceeded its original purpose ,  offering us ,  unintentionally ,  a look into the lives of european jews as they would not be seen a few years hence .  needless to say the film's very badness also provides an historical insight into bad ,  or simply evil ,  filmmaking as a propagandist's tool .  about this time i should expect director hippler to flip-flop once again ,  springing forward to say  " that's what i meant to do all along !  "  the scenes depicting animal slaughter are particularly gruesome ,  and show same as decidedly inhumane ,  contrary to the intent of kosher law to prevent animal suffering .  i would like for someone who has seen the film ,  and has some knowledge of these procedures ,  to comment on whether the portrayal is accurate . 
i would perhaps give 6 or 7 to this propaganda film because it shows when and how a propaganda film becomes successful .  if there are people who watch this piece and think that  " well then jews must have done something to be treated the way they were treated in ww2 "  ,  then the movie is very cleverly made to conceal 'why's and 'how's as well as mix correct and false observations on how a people live .  what more can a propaganda movie aim for ?  the part in which an american movie about the rothschild family is included is re-used very shrewdly here ,  for instance .  the question of why the jew keeps his wealth away from the officer is never asked .  no one mentions the system of taxation within that particular social strata .   besides ,  the level of excitement  ( or ,  the level of disgust )  in the movie increases slowly and the solution-like end of the movie suits the aim and the musts of doing propaganda .  the audience would leave in joy and gratefulness to the times that are coming up .  .  . well done .   in the movie ,  there is a kind of simplicity that addresses the most basic emotional perception of the audience .  the movie is kind of history today ,  so no need to fuss much about it actually .  however ,  in this simplicity of words of ethnic degradation ,  a careful watcher can find relevance to today's cultural hatred ,  violence ,  decivilization as well as the problems of integration .  overall ,  fine trash . 
while most of the movie is very amateurish ,  the kosher slaughter scene is played up ,  but not untrue .  kosher law says that an animal must be conscious when the blade touches it's skin .  the kosher slaughter scene is accurate as anyone knows who has seen one ,  or has seen the peta film showing a kosher slaughter ,  in which the animals throat is cut ,  and the esophagus cut out while it is still alive ,  conscious ,  and obviously suffering .  we must remember that history is written by the victors .  is one even allowed to even think that maybe the nazis were right ?  ?   doesn't it say anything that the nazis had outlawed this vicious religious slaughter ,  and the jews are still practicing it even today ? 
 " plants are the most cunning and vicious of all life forms "  ,  informs one dopey would-be victim in  " the seedpeople "  ,  a silly ,  flaccid remake of  " invasion of the bodysnatchers "  ,   " day of the triffids "  ,  and about a thousand udder moovies .  and why are seeds moore dangerous than plants ,  one might ask ?  because ,  according to the same dolt ,   " seeds can chase us "  .  yes ,  i can remember one horrifying incident when the moocow was just a calf ,  being chased all the way home from school by ravenous dandylion seed .  .  .  yeah ,  right .  unfortunately ,  the  " monsters "  in this seedy little turkey kind of look like shaggy little muppets ,  some of which roll around like evil tumbleweeds ,  others which sail about on strings .  there's not even the tiniest inkling of terror or suspense to be found here .  for reasons left unexplained ,  the seed monsters are knocked out by 50 volt ultra-violet lights ,  even though they can walk about in the daylight ,  which has about 1 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 times more uv energy .  as you can see ,  not much thought was put into this cow flop .  the moocow says go weed yer garden instead of wasting your photosynthesis here .   : =8p
in 1988 ,  paperhouse was hailed as a  " thinking man's horror film .  "  wow ,  you might say ,  sign me up .  this thing is a mess .  it features a one time young actress who has a range of like 1 to 2 .  g .  headley with a bad british  ( dubbed )  accent ,  and a story with no chills ,  thrills or spills .   it isn't even interesting psycho-babble .  one will only laugh at its cheap effects and long for a showing of leprechaun 5 .   the story involves a girl with glandular fever who escapes in her dreams .  what you get isn't good horror ,  art house or even a decent after-school special .  i found myself after the two hour point saying .  . where did my two hours go .   the direction is uninspired and i wished it could even be pretentious .  .  . something interesting .  . it seems like the producers were on lithium .   even in the dream world things are boring .   a short no on this one . 
this flick reminds me some really bad science-fiction movies from 50's and 60's . it is not scary or interesting , but it's dull , cheesy and stupid . special effects are laughable , all actors are ludicrous and the ending is simply awful . don't waste your money , rent or buy something better . i give it 3 . 5 out of 10 (  i found this turkey quite amusing because of its stupidity )  . 
la chute de la maison usher ,  or the fall of the house of usher as it's know amongst english audiences ,  starts with allan  ( charles lamy )  heading for the castle of his good friend sir roderick usher  ( jean debucourt )  who sent him a letter saying that his wife madeleine is ill .  once there allan finds madeleine very sick & her husband roderick determined & almost obsessed to paint her portrait .  as roderick paints madeleine becomes weaker & weaker almost as if the picture is draining the life out of her ,  allan tries to help his friend but tragedy soon strikes .  .  .   this french production was co-written ,  produced & directed by jean epstein & was the second of two filmed the fall of the house of usher adaptations during 1928 ,  honestly i don't know the original novel was published in 1839 ,  i mean you wait 89 years for a filmed adaptation & two come along at the same time !  anyway ,  i feel that i have a bit of a problem here as i have read plenty of positive comments about la chute de la maison usher & maybe i'm not the right sort of person to write a comment on it but i have to say that it simply didn't do anything for me .  i didn't like it ,  obviously the first thing to say is that this is a silent film & therefore it relies on imagery but even so i thought the story was weak ,  i thought as a whole the film was boring & dull even though it only lasts for about an hour & it really didn't do anything for me at all .  la chute de la maison usher was made almost 80 years ago & that is literally a lifetime ,  the world ,  cinema & tastes have moved on a lot since then & i found no enjoyment in this film .  i feel this film has dated badly & probably wasn't that good to start with anyway .  i never felt for any of the character's ,  i never cared about anything that was happening & i found it all rather tedious to sit through ,  i'm sorry if i've offended any silent film fans out there but that's the way i felt .   director epstein does an ok job ,  a lot of people ramble on about the imagery in la chute de la maison usher & i will freely admit it definitely has it's moments but i thought they were few & far between .  shots of people's mouths moving & not actually hearing what they say just seemed weird to me ,  i didn't like the music & the version i saw kept the original french language insert cards which were narrated by guy with the most awful sounding thick french accent which was also off putting .  based on the story by edgar allen poe i doubt this has much resemblance to it apart from one or two basic elements ,  stick with the fantastic roger corman house of usher starring vincent price .   technically the film was ok considering when it was made .  you simply cannot tell about the acting as no one ever speaks although the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try & suggest emotions or reflect what's happening which works to an extent but after a while just looks a bit daft .   la chute de la maison usher will appeal to those who crave a bygone era ,  who live in caves or who are stuck in the past ,  for me i like my films to have a story ,  not to bore me & to have sound & i'm sorry if that last statement makes me sound like an uneducated idiot but that's how i feel .  the world has moved on since 1928 & for the better . 
movies have put me to sleep before ,  but no movie has ever done that twice ,  so it took me three sittings actually to finish it .  the dialog was bad .  women spoke stiltedly and the men were caricatures .  and two of the supposedly japanese women looked chinese ,  had chinese names and spoke with clearly chinese accents .  i'm still trying to figure out why the emmenthal men were sexually wrapped up with each other .  10 minus 8 1/2 equals a tough choice :  do i give this movie a rating of one ?  or two ?   movies have put me to sleep before ,  but no movie has ever done that twice ,  so it took me three sittings actually to finish it .  the dialog was bad .  women spoke stiltedly and the men were caricatures .  and two of the supposedly japanese women looked chinese ,  had chinese names and spoke with clearly chinese accents .  i'm still trying to figure out why the emmenthal men were sexually wrapped up with each other .  10 minus 8 1/2 equals a tough choice :  do i give this movie a rating of one ?  or two ? 
somewhere i'd read that this film is supposed to be a comedy .  after seeing it ,  i'd call it anything but .  the point of this movie eludes me .  the dialogue is all extremely superficial and absurd ,  many of the sets seemed to be afterthoughts ,  and despite all the nudity and implied sexual content ,  there's nothing erotic about this film .  .  . all leaving me to wonder just what the heck this thing is about !  the title premise could have been the basis for a fun  ( if politically incorrect )  comedy .  instead ,  we're treated to cheap ,  amateurish ,  unfinished sketches and depravity and weirdness for its own sake .  if i want that ,  i'll go buy a grace jones cd . 
i am sorry to say that it was one of the worst films i've ever seen .  although visually fascinating  ( e . g .  the use of colour was absolutely stunning )  ,  it was pretty boring and disturbing  ( see the father/son incest )  .   what's more ,  music is totally absent ,  and if you think of those wonderful soundtracks by michael nyman  ( who wrote the soundtracks for most of greenaway's films )  then you can imagine what a difference it makes .   
this movie was awful in the worst way :  you just didn't care .  you didn't care what happened in the plot ;  you didn't care about the characters .  everyone was devoid of heart .  i ended up walking out about an 45 minutes into it because i simply didn't want to subject my mind to it any more .  there is far too much sex in the film .  sex can be okay ;  it can even make the movie  ( hence karma sutra )  but the intercourse here was not beautiful or sexy .  it was just ugly .  don't see this film . 
greenaway seems to have a habit of trying deliberately to disgust his viewers .  this film opens with incest--and purposeless ,  meaningless ,  casual incest at that .  that's greenaway's big problem .  he prefers parlor tricks to shock over actually doing anything meaningful .  technical skill isn't enough .  he's just a bit perverse for the sake of perversity . 
to borrow from dorothy parker :  this is not a film to be tossed aside  lightly .  it should be thrown with great force .   this is an excruciating mess .  and i'm a greenaway fan .   mind-numbingly awful   " the mummy returns "  has much more artistic merit
an intriguing premise of hand-drawn fantasy come to life in a child's fever dreams .  however ,  i imagine the average nonfictional child is far more adept at scaring themselves than bernard rose is at riveting the viewer .  the duel between anna's two realities drags on far too long to sustain interest ,  especially considering that the little girl playing her is the most abrasive child actor i've ever seen .   use only for kindling . 
to overcome the death of his wife ,  an old man does what anyone in his position would naturally do  ( at least in a peter greenaway movie )  :  he and his son populate their home with eight and a half  ( one has no legs )  women and embark on a sexual odyssey .  this being a greenaway film ,  there is lots of pretentious and uninteresting blabbering and of course there is unnecessary male nudity .  in fact the father and son share a bed sleeping in the nude .  gross .  besides ,  who wants to see an old guy full frontal ?  for those who are not into the homo-erotic scene ,  one of the women likes to do the nasty with horses .  there is no story - just a random collection of dull scenes . 
i am giving this pretentious piece of garbage a 1 simply because i don't believe there is a worse movie in the world .   i hate this movie ,  i hate the acting ,  dialog ,  setting ,  writing and directing .  i hope everyone that was involved in this movie burns and rots in the darkest circle of hell .   damn this disgusting waste of time .   i pray every day that this movie is just a figment of my imagination .  i pray that i dreamt the movie ,  and that i will never have to see it at   my local video store again .   burn in hell
stilted ,  stagy ,  strange and opaque ,  if visually striking  .  .  .  a wannabe-erotic fantasy .  really boring ,  way too much male nudity  ( including father-son incest )  ,  and just a sort of shameless pointlessness .  i will confess ,  however ,  that certain passages of dialogue ,  taken on their own terms ,  do have a lulling ,  haunting quality . 
i dont know about you ,  but i've always felt drawn to 'art' cinema .  the first 'art' film i managed to get a hold of was peter greenaway's  " the cook ,  the thief ,  his wife and her lover "  ,  which blew my mind and creative spiret into overdrive .  the film was the ultimate paradox ,  both beautiful and grotesque .  .  . this is what 'art cinema' was about ,  exploring intellectual ideas and bringing the visceral to the screen with purpose .  life ,  real life ,  can be like living in a madhouse ,  and art expressed shows it for what it is .  i love movies of all types ,  but especially those that both entertain and have something to say ,  whether i agree with it's stance or no .  .  .    " 8 1/2 women "  ,  is a dry ,  clinical 'comedy' where a father and son gather a harem to fufill their many sexual fantasies .  there is only a very brief allusion to fellini in the film ,  unlike what the previews have suggested .  the main focus of the film falls on the 'close' relationship between father and son ,  brought together after the mothers' death .  in the early scenes of the film the fathers' sadness is believable ,  you can feel his pain .  what happens afterwards is plain by greenaway standards ,  the gathering of the harem ,  observations on love and death ,  and flesh displayed for the sake of flesh .  .  . one could argue this ,  but i feel the movie to be shallow and pointless .  and the idea that this could be a comedy is perplexing to me .  the acting for the most part if fine ,  .  .  . especially good are polly walker and amanda plummer ( though poor mandy should put her clothes back on )  what the film lacks is a compelling story ,  and the usual greenaway touches of excess that made his other films so wonderful to watch .    while filled with moments of insight ,  and the occasional taboo ,   " 8 1/2 women "  is too cut and paste to be considered art ,  too bland to considered 'funny' ,  and simply too dull to be considered worthwhile .   save your money .  .  . i can only recommend this film as a sleeping aid .   4 out of 10
writer/director peter greenaway cements his title as the high lord of art house pretension with his latest exercise in obnoxious self-indulgence ,  8 ½ women .  the film follows a wealthy englishman and his son on their mutual quest for sexual satisfaction ,  as they lure and blackmail women  ( guess how many )  into joining their personal collection of concubines .   think of any possible way that this premise could be offensive ,  and chances are greenaway's done it .  the female characters are little more than a catalogue of fetishes for the two protagonists to partake of .  there's the kabuki-obsessed mio ,  the ever-pregnant giaconda and beryl ,  who's got a thing for farm animals .  giulietta has no legs and uses a wheelchair ,  she's the  " half woman ,  "  get it ?  greenaway vehemently denies all accusations of misogyny ,  but if this isn't it ,  then what is ?   the film goes on to eroticize anything and everything having to do with japan ,  a continuation of themes from his snore-worthy  ( but less sexist )  1996 film ,  the pillow book .  but where the the pillow book was erotic and graceful ,  8 ½ women just gets horny and exploitative .  greenaway's work is tasteless and arrogant in its fetishism ,  and the only person likely to enjoy watching it is the auteur himself . 
this is a baffling film .    the beauty in sexual relations between men and women is shown degraded by a set of men and women who can only be described as a collection of oddballs and misfits .   greenaway acknowledges his inspiration to fellini's film  " 8 1/2 "  but whereas fellini is a titan of world cinema ,  greenaway is not .   he has none of the maestro's lightness of touch nor his ability to convey feelings and emotions with a deftness of clarity .   he is pretentious ,  the film being divided into chapters with a written introduction to each ,  as if the viewer has to be guided into the film except that the written notices only stay on screen for a few seconds ,  not long enough to be read by the audience with the result that they are mostly ignored .   as for the women ,  only two can be described as lookers ,  palmira ,  played by polly walker and giaconda played by natacha amal .  the rest ooze with ordinariness .  both the women and the men retreat from the harsh light of reality into the dim shades of fantasy .   greenaway obviously wants to make the point that sexual fantasy does not lead to happiness .  the women themselves are depressing since they render their services in exchange for money .  relations between men and women are debased into a commercial transaction .   there is no sense of joy or happiness or love in the film ,  indeed there are several scenes that are deeply unpleasant  :   the suggestion of an incestuous relationship between father and son ,  philip and storey emmental played respectively by john standing and matthew delamere .  the callous disregard of both men that giaconda is carrying their child ,  she in fact ,  gets pregnant twice ,  the first foetus being aborted and the second time ,  she is sent away to a destination chosen by the men from a flight book .  both men having sex with a woman who has no legs ,   ( the half woman in the title )  .  the beastiality that exists between beryl ,  played by amanda plummer ,  with a pig named hortense .  father and son sharing women between them .  women enjoying being beaten sexually .  the father sleeping with the corpse of his dead wife .   mercifully ,  none of these scenes are shown sexually ,  only hinted at .   the hinted degradation of women is such that there cannot be any wonder that the film was booed at when it was first premiered at cannes .  what is more extraordinary is that the actresses in the film lined up to defend it ,  showing yet again that there is no limit to the naivety of women and that women will fool themselves into being exploited by men .   greenaway's directorial style is pretentious ,  it is a triumph of style over substance ,  a depiction of film as art accompanied by the abandonment of common sense .   greenaway tries to attain the sublimity of surrealism but only succeeds in showing the banality of human relationships . 
greenaway's films pose as clever ,  erudite and innovative .  yet his style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the world war 1 era of film-making :  the frame composition ,  use of mid-shot ,  the static camera .  it may be well to rub against mainstream movies with this style but it is not new .  perhaps like that other  " innovator "  ,  ts eliot ,  he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could .   yet greenaway's biggest failing is that he cannot write .  his dialog and even plot structure is mechanical and logical but without the vitality of another dramatic logician ,  brecht .  where this weakness is most apparent is in his humor ,  which is poised and logical ,  so the joke is dead before it's delivered .  the result is tedium :  if it's not funny ,  it has failed :  ask a stand-up comedian to justify their act if the audience doesn't respond .  perhaps the well-read director could learn something from freud on humor .   finally ,  like woody allen ,  greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like clones .  they speak the lines with a bored ,  smug air like narcissistic adolescents .   this film ,  despite its design and lighting ,  is meretricious . 
in one respect ,  it's like 'the wizard of oz , ' with paris in black-and-white and the riviera in color .  but it's supposedly about possessive love ,  destructiveness and moral decadence ,  while actually being about designer gowns ,  shots of the riveria ,  lots of big expensive cars ,  and music-and dancing interludes that suggest vincente minnelli on one of his off-days .  watchable ,  but a remarkable example of desperate ,  dark plot material and glitzy style heading in opposite directions .   ( was this the model for 'the talented mister ripley ?  does anyone sense an affinity between jean seberg and matt damon ?  ) 
jean seberg had not one iota of acting talent .  like all her films ,  'bonjour tristesse' suffers not at all from her looks  ( though she is perhaps the first of those modern women whom tom wolfe gleefully ,  accurately describes as  " boys with breasts "  :  publicists ,  of course ,  use the word  " gamine "  )  but suffers grievously from seberg's dull ,  monotonous ,  killing voice .  in all her films when had to play anger ,  seberg played it with grossly audible ,  distracting ,  gasping panting between her monotonously droned verbalizations .  oy .   preminger's adaptation of françoise sagan's breathlessly juvenile ,  fantasy soap opera plot is noteworthy only for his lush cinematography - but then that's difficult to funk on the photogenic french riviera ,  and perhaps for his apt ,  but certainly not groundbreaking ,  employment of black & white for the present day scenes from which seberg's monotone narration delivers us to the flashed-back-to color past .   juliette gréco has a brief moment ,  as a nightclub chanteuse in the black & white spotlight ,  delivering in smoky dietrichesque voice the bleak existentialist lyric of the title song .  this moment is nowadays ,  in retrospect ,  more than a wee bit drôle .  except ,  of course ,  if you're french - particularly if you're a french  " 68-er "  longing for the glorious days of the barricades roundabout the sorbonne - and your kids riot to retain the lifelong sinecures which have blighted and emasculated france's economy :  then you still believe in sartre and foucault and all such arcane ,  irrelevant theorists .   david niven has the hardest role ,  having to play with sufficient gusto an aging hedonist who's yet to grasp that life isn't all about sagan's teenybopper notions of a hip ,  cool ,  swingin' ,   " mon copain !  "  papa .  deborah kerr delivers her usual ,  consummately professional presence ,  convincingly playing the woman who suffers undeservedly seberg's spiteful teenaged snot-nose jealousy  ( fulfilling sagan's shallow teen fantasy of the classical theme of  " there can be only one queen bee in the hive "  )  ;  in fact ,  to kerr belongs this film's sole great and memorable on-screen moment .   the dialogue is unnatural - i agree with an earlier reviewer who said that it sounds to be  " badly translated "  from french ;  combine the unnatural scripting with seberg's incomparably dull ,  unendurable monotone and you can save that valium for another night .  atop all that the ineptly synched post-production voice dubbing is ,  almost throughout ,  obvious and thus much more than irksome :  this is especially true of the dubbing for mylène demongeot because it spoils her otherwise very pleasing dumb blonde performance .   hunky geoffrey horne gets the short end of the stick here - a very good looking young man who also suffered from a less-than-lovely ,  uncinematic voice which ,  when paired with seberg's drone ,  yields unconvincing scenes of puppy love .   ( horne was ,  shall we say ,  merely adequate in 'bridge on the river kwai , ' perhaps because his end was held up by those great cinema pros william holden and jack hawkins instead of being unsupported by the regrettably ungifted seberg )  .   in sum 'bonjour tristesse' is pretty to look at but it's shallow ,  immature soap :  thin gruel with suds . 
this is shallow hedonism and/or social commentary wrapped in a tragic tale about a jealous young woman's scheme to drive apart her father and his fiancée .  is it incest or just a view through the eyes of a daughter with an electra complex ?  who cares ?  all of the characters ,  except for anne  ( deborah kerr )  are vacuous and vile .  seberg is poor  ( i agree with the  " boys with breasts "  comment of an earlier review )  .  the plot plodded .  this predictable material was sufficient for about 30 minutes of film that unfortunately was stretched over an hour and a half !  if you want to see great gowns and jewels on the riviera ,  i recommend  " to catch a thief "  - in which you will get the added bonuses of an entertaining story and likable characters .    i like for films to entertain me .  i personally don't really care where a film is set .  whatever the time or place ,  i want a good story - comedy or drama .  i also want to see some enjoyable characters .  it doesn't hurt if i can relate to them .  poor deborah kerr gives a typically good performance ,  and so does david niven in a despicable role .   the  " 2 "  rating is solely for kerr and niven ,  and for the cinematography - the rich color scenes and the murky ,  foreboding black and white scenes .  unfortunately ,  all the great cinematography in the world cannot salvage a poor story with un-enjoyable characters .  a sow's ear is still a sow's ear .  consequently watching this mess was a serious waste of my time . 
i was rooting for this film as it's a remake of a 1970s children's tv series  " escape into night "  which ,  though chaotic and stilted at times was definitely odd ,  fascinating and disturbing .  the acting in  " paperhouse "  is wooden ,  unintentionally a joke .  the overdubs didn't add tension they only reinforced that i was sat watching a botch .  casting exasperated the dreary dialogue which resulted in relationships lacking warmth ,  chemistry or conviction .  as in most lacklustre films there are a few good supporting acts these people should be comforted ,  consoled and reassured that they will not be held responsible .  out of all the possible endings the most unexpected was chosen  .  .  .  lamer than i could have dreamt .    " escape into night "  deserves a proper remake ,  written by someone with life experience and directed with a subtle mind . 
bonjour tristesse covers similar ground as 'the member of the wedding . ' to wit ,  a possessive daughter tries to prevent a relationship from forming between a beloved family member and an interloper .  while critics love 'member of the wedding , ' i find julie harris to be a jumbo-drag and an adenoidal ,  scenery-chomping thespian in everything she's been in .  this portrays irritating ,  rich idiots as in last year at marienbad ,  but this time it's a travelogue .   in this preminger movie sequences develop ,  but characters do not .  for the first 30 minutes he's content to blur the father-daughter relationship between seberg and niven ,  making uncomfortable sexual readings possible .  once the conflict is introduced ,  seberg can't deliver the depth the part requires .  kerr pulls rank and turns the film into 'endless love . ' seberg's vacuous narration ,  is like something out of strange interlude - it is not good .  i really wish someone other than niven was in his role .  he spends so much time normalizing orthodox british behavior in all his movies ,  he never gets around to the character .   in the most memorable sequence ,  an evening out dancing becomes a free-for-all in a harbor .  bertolucci steals the entire scene for his empty exercise ,  'the conformist . ' kerr is on board to clasp her hands and portray another major pain  ( as in black narcissus ,  night of the iguana ,  king and i ,  heaven knows mr .  allyson ,  tea and sympathy ,  etc .  etc .  )  .  really ,  kerr was a horrible actress .  i wish every movie with her could end with a fatal car crash ,  or even better ,  start with one .   people uncomfortable with ambiguity should avoid this . 
the over-heated plot of  " bonjour tristesse "  is taken from a juvenile first novel by francoise sagan ,  which became a best-seller ,  though god knows why .  for teenagers wanting to get rid of a potential step-parent it may have a certain appeal .  don't be taken in by the fact that david niven plays the playboy father and deborah kerr the step-mother-in- prospect .  unfortunately ,  too much rests on the frail shoulders of jean seberg .  she's beautiful and easily fulfills the image of a spoiled teenager .  the problem is that she can strike poses but she can't act .  anyone who saw her as joan of arc in otto preminger's st .  joan -- seberg's first film -- knows she was incapable at 19 of carrying a film .  this movie ,  also by preminger ,  fulfills the  " promise "  of the first .  it was her second movie ;  she was now 20 .  what was preminger thinking ?  that niven and kerr could compensate for seberg's lack of acting capacity ?  not a chance ?  seberg's character is at the center of the story and ,  pretty though she is ,  convincing though she may be physically as a 17 year old ,  she can't meet the emotional demands of the role .  i don't know if she ever became a successful actress in her short life because she did not have an impact on my consciousness in her later pictures .  but anyone who thinks this film is better than mediocre needs a taste check .  in spite of niven and kerr ,  this remains a juvenile story executed in juvenile fashion by a beautiful young girl who badly needed acting lessons . 
otto preminger directs this light as a feather story .  bohemian jean seberg and her equally bohemian widower father david niven holiday in the south of france with nutty mylène demongeot .  things are fine until family friend deborah kerr shows up .  nivens ,  a degenerate womanizer ,  finds the conquest of kerr too hard to resist .  that's fine with seberg ,  as long as niven loves her and leaves her  ( as he's done with all the women in his past .  .  . including demongeot )  .  when it appears as though she's becoming second banana in niven's life ,  seberg exact revenge on kerr .  preminger tells the story in flashbacks from seberg's perspective and cleverly combines black and white with sunnier color scenes .  the cinematography by georges périnal is stunning .  the film features some of preminger's least heavy-handed direction ,  although he rarely allows any close-ups ,  which makes it difficult to make out what the actors are really feeling .  arthur laurents wrote the script and it's full of acidic dialog and funny scenes  ( mostly involving bird-brained demongeot )  .  seberg acquits herself fairly well ,  but niven is at his least appealing .  .  . and he shows no chemistry with either seberg or kerr .  preminger really mis-steps with that casting .  it's a role that seems tailor made for someone closer to charles boyer .  with geoffrey horne as seberg's would-be suitor and martita hunt as his daffy mother .  juliette gréco ,  playing herself ,  sings the title song in a paris nightclub .  the great titles are by preminger regular saul bass . 
warning !  don't even consider watching this film in any form .  it's not even worth downloading from the internet .  every bit of porn has more substance than this wasted piece of celluloid .  the so-called filmmakers apparently have absolutely no idea how to make a film .  they couldn't tell a good joke to save their lives .  it's an insult to any human being .  if you're looking for a fun-filled movie - go look somewhere else .   let's hope this mr .  unterwaldt  ( the  " jr .  "  being a good indication for his obvious inexperience and intellectual infancy )  dies a slow/painful death and never makes a film again .   in fact ,  it's even a waste of time to write anything about this crap ,  that's why i'll stop right now and rather watch a good film . 
i guess i have still enough brain left to not find this movie funny .  -great comedians - but a very poor movie !  the  " best "  performance still did nina hagen   trivia :  did you realize that it the  " real world "  scenes  ( in hamburg )  the cars are almost only new bmws  ?  ?    i guess i have still enough brain left to not find this movie funny .  -great comedians - but a very poor movie !  the  " best "  performance still did nina hagen   trivia :  did you realize that it the  " real world "  scenes  ( in hamburg )  the cars are almost only new bmws  ?  ? 
i've seen the first of the dwarf-movies and sometimes i had little fun watching it .  there are many famous tv/comedyactors appearing in the first part and presented ,  in fantasy costumes ,  typical little episodes of their stand-up-program and exactly that is the problem the second movie has to struggle with .  everything was already there .  .  .  . nothing new to obtain .  you're familiar with most of the often boring and dumb  " jokes "  and you always feel like their goal was to put in every comedylooser of the last decade who wants to get back on stage .  there's nothing important about the story :  typical fairy-tale story of rumpelstiltskin ,  without any importance .  i expected something like that but that's nothing i could complain about .  i'm actually complaining about the lazy story writers who had an entire background story ;  their only business was to get many jokes and parodies inside but they didn't get it anyway .  this crap is except the great appearance of helge schneider a total waste of time and money .  ( if you don't like him then remove 2 points of my evaluation )  if you like to save your money and get bad jokes then watch the crap that's broad casted every friday evening on sat1 or rtl for free .  i'm sure you will recognize some  " laugthers "  i saw last night in cinema . 
there are a lot of highly talented filmmakers/actors in germany now .  none of them are associated with this  " movie "  .   why in the world do producers actually invest money in something like this this ?  you could have made 10 good films with the budget of this garbage !  it's not entertaining to have seven grown men running around as dwarfs ,  pretending to be funny .  what is funny though is that the film's producer  ( who happens to be the oldest guy of the bunch )  is playing the youngest dwarf .   the film is filled with moments that scream for captions saying  " you're supposed to laugh now !  "  .  it's hard to believe that this crap's supposed to be a comedy .   many people actually stood up and left the cinema 30 minutes into the movie .  i should have done the same instead of wasting my time .  .  .   pain ! 
despite what a lot of other people thought about the first movie ,  i really liked it .  this one however .  how to sum it up in one word ?  :  this movie is  ( and here comes the word )  :  crap !   but let's look at it part by part :  here is the plot :  finally the old queen has been removed from her castle ,  but her successor :  snow white has problems of another sort :  the court-jester ,  father of her son ,  has gone astray ,  as the super ,  spliss ,  goes to the extreme ,  to battle his gray hair and sells the royal offspring for some blond and full hair .  in her desperation snow white seeks the help of bubi  ( otto walkees )  , who must first find his other six dwarf companions and then try to find the royal offspring or at least try to find the name of rumpelstiltskin .   the whole plot seems to have been written on a weekend ,  where the writers were very drunk but were just under pressure from the studio to write the screenplay .    yes ,  there are some good jokes .  even for fans of the first part ,  or for fans of any of the other actors ,  it's really not worth buying the the dvd .  believe me .    the only thing ,  that at least kind of saves the movie from complete oblivion ,  are the performances of some of the actors .  that's why i gave the move 3/10 .  sadly ,  the script is so bad that none of the actors or all of them combined can make up for the bad story .   for example ,  at one point ,  they even cross over in our reality ,  and sadly .  .  they don't do anything funny while being here .    still ,  a lot of great actors in this movie :  otto waalkes ,  ralf schmitz ,  martin schneider ,  nina hagen ,  cosma shiva hagen ,   ( especially funny )  :  rüdiger hoffmann as the mirror ,  helge schneider and many more but sadly all these comedians aren't able to bring this really bad script to life .    maybe it is a treat for some hardcore fans but for regular movie goers or by now dvd renters or buyers it's not worth the money .    i even regret renting the movie . 
i agree with most of the other guys .  a waste of photons and valuable time .   nearly no joke is worth the paper is was written on .  the only highlight from my pov is olli dittrich as pinocchio .   (  " egal ,  ich muss eh waldsterben "  )  this reminds of old times with rtl samstag nacht .  it is hard to describe the performances of the actors ,  since most of them don't even seem to have a good time during production and just  " do their thing "  .  camera is ok ,  plot is laughable ,  i think you would be ashamed even if you discuss this with lots of beers .   apart from this i yawned all the time ,  wondered about how a script like this could even be considered for production and waited for the end .   my 9 year old son was pleased ,  but then he is pleased by so little at this age  : - )   anyway ,  a 1 point rating here nearly is 1 point too much .  .  . 
a really bad sequel .  part 1 had a lot of funny moments - part 2 is just bad  ( in a boring way )  and obviously made to squeeze money out of the fans .   shame on you ,  otto waalkes !   the only slightly amusing moment in the film is helge schneider who apparently seems to be pis*ed about the other characters .  it's quite easy to identify with him .  .  .   the screenplay is sloppy/non-existent .  the director should do everyone a favor and quit his job immediately .  the acting is worse than a 2nd grade school play .    technically the movie is awful as well ,  but who can blame the cinematographer/sound guys who had to work with such an untalented director ? 
normally i'm not the sort to be scared by horror movies ,  but this movie is the exception .  some how this movie got into my mind !  !  !  it is a very simple movie but at the same time extremelly effective ,  it has great atmosphere and this leads to some shocking moments ,  the girls father coming down the hill is a real standout .  another seen was the family photo i wasn't expecting that and i jumped out my seat !  !  !  i would recommend everyone to see this movie ,  with the lights out it will stay with you for a long time !  !  !  !  ! 
i don't think this movie was rated correctly .  i took my copy and blacked out the pg rating and wrote down r .  i would not recommend this for anyone under 17 or 18 ,  whatever the r limit is .   why ?  it contains a scene in the jungle with several topless indian women .  i don't know about you ,  but that's not something for little children to be watching .  true ,  it might be the traditional  " clothing style "  of the african  (  ?  )  indians ,  but .  .  .  i think partial nudity should give a movie an r rating .   i haven't seen the movie recently ,  but i guess otherwise ,  it was alright . 
for those who are too young to know this or for those who have forgotten ,  the disney company went almost down the tubes by the end of the 1980s .  people were not seeing their movies anymore and the company was not producing the usual wholesome material .  .  .  . at least no what people expected .  a major problem :  profanity .   yes ,  the idiots running the disney movies during that decade would produce films with swear words - including the lord's name in vain ,  if you can believe that - interspersed in these  " family films .  "  in fact that happens twice here in the first 20 minutes !    this movie ,  in addition to the language problems ,  has a nasty tone to it ,  too ,  which made it unlikeable almost right from the beginning .  thankfully ,  disney woke up and has produced a lot of great material since these decadent '80s movies .   (  " touchstone "  is disney ,  just under another name .  ) 
okay ,  if you have a couple hours to waste ,  or if you just really hate your life ,  i would say watch this movie .  if anything it's good for a few laughs .  not only do you have obese ,  topless natives ,  but also special effects so bad they are probably outlawed in most states .  seriuosly ,  the rating of 'pg' is pretty humorous too ,  once you see the native porn extravaganza .  i wouldn't give this movie to my retarded nephew .  you couldn't even show this to iraqi prisoners without violating the geneva convention .  the plot is sketchy ,  and cliché ,  and dumb ,  and stupid .  the acting is horrible ,  and the ending is so painful to watch i actually began pouring salt into my eye just to take my mind off of the idiocy filling my tv screen . 
i saw the movie as a child when it was released in the theater and it was so bad that it became the makings of a family joke .  if the ranking had a zero ,  this movie would get it .  the dinosaurs were awful .  the storyline was ridiculous .  the acting really doesn't qualify to be called acting .  the only reason i even remember the name of the movie so well is because my family still talks about how bad it really was . 
 .  .  .  and i actually gave it a zero on my personal 1-10 scale .  i have been attending movies since 1952 and have seen well over 1000 in the theater  ( i don't rate movies that i see only on tv )  .  this is the only movie i have ever rated zero .   my wife and i took our four children  ( then aged 15 ,  11 ,  8 and 6 )  and even the kids thought it was terrible .  in fact ,  it was my daughter  ( now 26 )  who alerted me to this site  ( amazed that the movie was getting an overall rating of 4+ )  .   the animation of the dinosaurs looked amateurish at the time  ( and is even worse in retrospect )  ,  the acting  ( particularly by sean young )  is atrocious and the story line is simply silly .   
this wasn't what i wanted to see .  i bought this on dvd and under the movie i found myself irritated and turned off the movie for a moment .   heres what i didn't like :   1 they were shooting at the father  2 the tribes was really annoying  3 the dinosaurs  ( mostly ) looked to faked  4 the bad scientist well he was annoying  5 the picture quality on the dvd was really bad  what i did like :    1 the music by jerry goldsmith .  this music is really great .  i have the bootleg soundtrack from this movie .  sadly the sound quality is not good ,  but its ok for its time .   2 the first time we see the dinosaurs they inspire a sort of awe .   3 baby is kinda cute when he is in the water and is playing  4 that funny scene with the tent .    5 the children who sees this film would hopefully learn that evil always loses . 
when the employees of a theater find an old reel of film ,  they decide to show it at the midnight screening of night of the living dead ,  assuming it's an old preview reel .  unfortunately ,  it's actually an old nazi mind control experiment that turns the audience into a horde of mindless shuffling zombies .   i can't understand the hate for this movie .  it is a low budget independent production with a lot of camp ,  but it doesn't deserve a  " 1 . 1 "  here on imdb .  it is just so much fun .  it is obvious that the filmmakers have a reasonable knowledge and love of old horror movies ,  and they have created an entertaining tribute to them sprinkled with references and homages to a variety of them .  it has the feel of such things as night of the living dead  ( in many ways ,  very similar )  ,  evil dead 2 and army of darkness ,  and various others .   i liked the explanation of how the zombies ,  though really just hypnotized into thinking they are zombies ,  actually come to have the physical attributes of the living dead-unbelievable ,  perhaps ,  but i appreciate the effort by the writers to explain it .  the gore effects were decent for the budget ,  the acting was all right ,  and the story was entertaining .   i liked it . 
30 seconds into the opening credits ,  i had this feeling that this was going to be a bad movie ,  but i didn't know just how bad .  then the actor playing the evil nazi scientist opens his mouth and my friend and i decide that in order to survive this movie ,  we'll have to turn the volume down ,  make up our own dialogue and double the speed on the dvd .  but that didn't help .  about half way through we turned it off .  now ,  i've lived through some very bad movies before ,  both with and without the aide of  " mystery science theater 3000 "  and  " svengoolie ,  "  but there are just some movies which i doubt even the bots can save .  the biggest part of the movie that bothered me the most was that the people hypnotized into believing they're zombies had rotting green skin .  i guess they were all hypnotized into death ,  then hypnotized into rotting themselves .  stick to the real b-movie cult classics like  " plan nine from outer space .  " 
it's obvious that the people who made 'dead at the box office' love b-movie horror .  overt references to the genre are peppered throughout ,  from stock characters  ( the authority figure who doesn't believe the monstrous invasion is really happening )  to kevin smith style discussions to reenacting duane jones' last moments from 'night of the living dead' not once but twice .   unfortunately it takes more than love to make a good movie .   the staging and shot choice are unexciting and unimaginative .  while a common admonition in film school is to avoid 'mastershot theatre , ' telling the story completely in a wide master shot ,  here we find the obverse as in several sequences it's hard to figure out the spatial relationships between characters as the story is told in a series of medium shots with no establishing shot to tie it together .  editing is drab and basic and at times there are unmotivated cuts .  the lighting is flat and sometimes muddy ,  making the scenes in the darkened theatre hard to make out  ( was there lighting ,  or was this shot with available light only ?  )  .  some shots are out of focus .  the dialogue is trite ,  and the performances ,  for the most part ,  one-note  ( isaiah robinson shows some energy and screen presence as curtis ,  and the fellow playing the projectionist has some pleasantly dickish line readings ;  michael allen williams as the theater manager and casey kirkpatrick as enthusiastic film geek eric have some nice moments )  .  the premise is silly ,  even for a b horror flick  ( also ,  it's too bad dr eisner was unaware of project paperclip - he could've saved himself a lot of trouble !  )  .  the 'zombies' are non-threatening ,  and their makeup is unconvincing  ( although the chunky zombie trying to get a gumball out of the machine raised a smile )  .  for a zombie fan film ,  there is very little blood or violence ,  although what there is ,  is handled pretty well .  the incidental music ,  while stylistically uneven ,  is kind of nice at times ,  and there are some good foley effects .  the 'time warp' parody was a fun listen ,  although the images going along with it were less fun to watch .  unfortunately ,  the looped dialogue sounds flat .  was this shot non-sync  ( doubtful ,  it looks like video through and through )  ?  i watched the special introduction by troma films' lloyd kaufman before the main feature - although it consisted essentially of kaufman plugging his own stuff and admitting that he hadn't seen the movie while someone mugged in a toxie mask ,  its production and entertainment values were higher than 'dead .  .  . ' itself  ( quick aside to whoever put the dvd together - the countdown on film leader beeps only on the flash-frame 2 ,  not on every number plus one more after )  .  for that matter ,  the vampire film theatregoers are seen watching early in 'dead .  .  . ' looked a lot more entertaining than this .  recommendation to avoid ,  unless you know someone involved in the production or are an ardent lloyd kaufman completist  ( he plays 'kaufman the minion' in the film-within-a-film )  .    ( full disclosure :  my girlfriend is an extra in this movie .  i swear this did not color my review .  ) 
a response to previous comments made by residents of the region where this motion picture was lensed :  one person suggested that the closing and destruction of the ocean view amusement park led to a downturn in the surrounding neighborhoods .  this is simply not true .  prior to the construction of interstate 64 ,  which bypasses the ocean view area ,  the primary route for traffic went through the heart of ocean view .  once the interstate was completed ,  ocean view rapidly became a ghost town with businesses closing up and an increase in crime .  this led to a huge reduction in revenues for the park ,  which also faced new competition from nearby busch gardens in williamsburg .  meanwhile ,  in the past few years ,  the city of norfolk has done a remarkable job of fostering redevelopment so that the area has become a sought-after location for construction of high-end housing .   it has also been said that the destruction footage of the roller coaster was used in the film  " rollercoaster "  .  this is also untrue .  footage was shot of two coaster cars careening off the ride for that film ,  but the actual explosions and collapse are exclusive to  " death of ocean view park "  .   as to the film itself ,  the storyline of a  " supernatural "  force in the water adjacent to the park was certainly silly ,  but somewhat typical for b-grade movies of the time .  with the cast involved ,  there should be no surprise that the scenery was gnawed in almost every scene by the primary actors .  i don't believe this film was intended to be another  " citizen kane "  ;  i believe playboy was experimenting with a new non-nude format to determine if this was an area for the company to expand into  ( apparently not !  )  .  a strange force in the water causing strange events in an old amusement park probably sounded good at the conference table ,  but proved unmanageable in execution .  the roller coaster and the rest of the park was destined for the wrecking ball anyway ;   " let's come up with a weird way to justify an explosive demise !  "  .   for the casual movie viewer ,  this would be a  " see once and forget about it "  film  ( except for diana canova fans )  ;  but for the thousands of people who live in the region and have fond memories of the park ,  this movie is like a  " walk down memory lane "  for footage of the park as well as old footage of downtown norfolk ,  the first  " harborfest "  ,  and old dominion university .  even a limited release of this film on dvd would be welcome . 
this movie is one of the most wildly distorted portrayals of history .  horribly inaccurate ,  this movie does nothing to honor the hundreds of thousands of dutch ,  british ,  chinese ,  american and indigenous enslaved laborers that the sadistic japanese killed and tortured to death .  the bridge was to be built  " over the bodies of the white man "  as stated by the head japanese engineer .  it is disgusting that such unspeakable horrors committed by the japanese captors is the source of a movie ,  where the bridge itself ,  isn't even close to accurate to the actual bridge .  the actual bridge was built of steel and concrete ,  not wood .  what of the survivors who are still alive today ?  they hate the movie and all that it is supposed to represent .  their friends were starved ,  tortured ,  and murdered by cruel sadists .  those that didn't die of dysantry ,  starvation ,  or disease are deeply hurt by the movie that makes such light of their dark times . 
the first time i watched cold case was after it had run for about a year on danish television .  at the time it came to the tv it nearly drowned in 4 or 5 other american crime shows aired roughly the same time .   i saw it and i was bored to death .  the substandard actors with the self righteous faces and morals were a pain in the behind .  the entire premise that so much money was given a team of investigators to solve murders dating back 10-20-30 or even 60 years seems so unlikely .   the time is also a factor as they only have 50-60 min to tell the story which means that they get a break through just in the nick of time to solve the case and bring justice to surviving family members ,  if they are still alive .  this combined with the  " personal "  problems and relations of the investigators which there has to be time for leaves the show a complete lackluster .   i give it a 2-star rating because of the music i the end which is really the only reason for watching it .  .  .  . which you then of course won't do as that is too lame a reason for watching this crap . 
after reading some very good reviews about this film i thought i would give it a watch and after being very disappointed with the film i thought i would give it my own review .  this is my first ever so bare with me .   first of all i would scratch horror from the genre as in no way is it horrific or scary in the slightest  ( with the exception of a few feeble attempts to make you jump unfortunately one of which worked on me .  )  i would say that calling this film a thriller is pushing it as i wasn't particularly thrilled either !  the film is about a spoiled mischievous girl who faints a few times .  during these times she visits a house which she has been drawing ,  after each visit she decides to add something else to the house to make it a bit more lively one of the features being a sad little boy who is also ill in reality .  as she befriends the boy she realises that her imaginary world that she created is actually better than the real world that she is in .  until she adds her constantly away father to the house ,  due to a misdrawing her dad turns out to be evil and her and the boy must escape from his clutches .   think its an attempt to be a slightly more mellow version of a nightmare on elm street but is more like a trip to the beach .   in conclusion my generous 3/10 will hopefully stop at least one of you from watching this drab ! 
i hate this programme :  not only is the very concept ludicrous ,  but it tries so hard to be feasible  ( something that was left out of similar  " i confess "  ending programmes like ,  muder :  she wrote )  .   sigh .  why is it that the writers can't ever be intelligent enough in this programme to come up with evidence that would stick and win a decision in court ?   come on :  after x-amount of years of the cases being unsolved ,  why must every suspect ,  every episode *confess*  ( damn it !  )  to a murder which would otherwise go unsolved ?   i bet all police wish that criminals were this good sportsmen :   " aw ,  shucks ,  officer ,  you're a bright one - i guess if you've uncovered enough to convince yourself i did it ,  i may as well admit to it and make it easier for you in court .  what can i say ?  it's a fair cop .  "   absolute dog s**t and an insult to those of us with with enough brains to even have heard of i . q . 
this program is really overrated .  a detective like danny pino's hot-headed character would have been transferred to the  " rubber gun squad "  years ago .  the whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007 .  every vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer ,  unless it was another vietnam veteran .  there has only been one black murderer ,  and he was put up to it by his white boss .  the only hispanic killer was a  " race traitor "  who killed another hispanic to frame a hispanic street kid for a crime that  ( naturally )  two rich white kids committed .  what a bunch of propaganda .  hey , screenwriters :  minorities and poor people commit murder too .  only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites .   what's more ,  the arrests of people in their 70s ,  80s ,  and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke .  no real-life da will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick .  the state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor .  the prosecutor will just plead them to involuntary manslaughter and they won't serve a day .  the only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-nazis ,  whose high-profile convictions boost da's careers . 
this is ,  without doubt ,  one of the worst films i've ever seen .  .  .   the plot is so full of holes ,  the story is like a bad remake of a bad suspense movie and the actors sound like were reading directly from the manuscript for the first time .  worst of all is steve guttenberg .  he plays his character like he was in  " police academy "  - the same foolish womanizer - and that's not suited for a leading man in what should have been a thriller .   it's really hard to believe that hanson would make  " l . a .  confidential "  ten years later .  .  .   avoid this like the plague .  .  . 
a pretty obvious thriller-by-numbers ,  in which the only possible twist turns out to be a hiding to nothing .  i was watching principally for the english-language performance by isabelle huppert .  it wasn't great ,  but then it was a strange role .  i wouldn't be surprised if half her contribution turned out to have been left on the cutting-room floor along with several last minute script re-writes .   the acting is the least appealing thing about this film .  steve guttenburg looks like he's trying to flesh out his role with the charm that everyone's told him he has .  there's a sensationally stupid sequence in which it's suggested that his sexual prowess will be able to help treat ptsd .  it's an uninteresting performance .  elizabeth mcgovern is more of a draw with genuine charm and character but it's small consolation .  3/10
an innocent man  ( steve guttenberg )  has a one-night stand with his boss's wife  ( isabelle huppert )  .  she spots a woman  ( elizabeth mcgovern )  being attacked outside but she can't call the cops because it would blow her marriage to gutenberg's boss  ( paul shenar )  .  so guttenberg ,  honest citizen that he is ,  when he discovers that another woman was attacked and killed nearby only half an hour later ,  comes forward and claims to have witnessed the first attack ,  merely intending to pass on the information given to him by huppert .  well -- never bear false witness against thy neighbor ,  as they say .   this simple attempt to help the police nab a murderer turns rapidly twisted .  when he meets the first near-victim ,  mcgovern ,  she immediately twigs to what happened ,  but agrees to keep quiet for the moment .  but then guttenberg finds himself in court ,  supposed to identify the heavy  ( greenquist )  and we discover through cross-examination that he is near-sighted and can't identify objects at a distance ,  let alone faces .   ( not that it matters because ,  after all ,  he never saw the creep in the first place .  )  the plot gets practically labyrinthine .  guttenberg winds up the chief suspect when huppert is murdered too .   he barely escapes arrest and holes up with the now-sympathetic mcgovern .  guttenberg and mcgovern hatch a plan to trap the murderer .  she will serve as bait .  they'll follow the flagitious creep into one of his seedy haunt and mcgovern will act like the doxy that the murderer is attracted to ,  just to get him to try to kill her .  but everything will be okay ,  see ,  because not only will guttenberg keep a close watch on her ,  and not only will he alert the police a few minutes after she enters this dive ,  but she will keep a can of mace handy -- just in case .   i ask you ,  the alert viewer ,  does this scenario unfold as planned ?  elizabeth mcgovern has a quirkily interesting bone structure .  she seems all mandible and tiny mouth at times ,  but she's vibrant .  steve guttenberg has hair on his brawn and that's about it .  otherwise he's as helpless as the character he plays .  if isabelle huppert can act ,  it isn't evident in this film .  the killer is so formed and so groomed that he looks like he's wearing one of those masks of deformity in that twilight zone episode about greedy heirs .   didn't the director ,  curtis hanson ,  go on to make  " l . a .  confidential "  ?  that was a nicely done piece of work .  here ,  everything seems clumsy and contrived ,  down to the small bit parts .  just before the inevitable violent climax ,  a uniformed police officer is introduced to delay mcgovern's rescue ,  and the scene is embarrassing to watch .  dick olsen has a bit part as a late shopper .  he's a neat guy and always reliable .  paul shenar as the cuckolded hubby has a striking face that seems made for the stage and he does a fine job too .   that louche joint where mcgovern attracts the attention of the murderer ,  where she plays pool with a couple of hairy apes ,  was shot at a bar in carolina beach ,  in north carolina ,  not far from where i lived .  the way the interior is set up ,  it's clear that this is supposed to be a dangerous and dirty dive .  actually it appears rather more elegant on screen than it did in reality .   overall ,  this is hitchcock territory and it brings tears to the eyes to imagine what he would have done with this story . 
ummm ,  please forgive me ,  but weren't more than half the characters missing ?  in the original novel ,  valjean is a man imprisoned for 19 years for stealing a loaf of bread and then attempting several times to escape .  he breaks parole and is pursued relentlessly by the police inspector javert .  along the way there are many characters that weren't in this version .  some worth mentioning would be fantine ,  cosette ,  m & mme .  thenardier ,  eponine ,  marius ,  gavroche ,  and enjolras .  the only character with the same name is javert .  i was confused and frustrated throughout the whole movie ,  trying to see how it was in any way connected to victor hugo's epic novel . 
i have not seen many low budget films i must admit ,  but this is the worst movie ever probably ,  the main character the old man talked like ,  he had a lobotomy and lost the power to speak more than one word every 5 seconds ,  a 5 year old could act better .  the story had the most awful plot ,  and well the army guy had put what he thought was army like and then just went over the top ,  i only watched it to laugh at how bad it was ,  and hoped it was leading onto the real movie .  i cant believe it was under the 2 night rental thing at blockbusters ,  instead of a please take this for free and get it out of our sight .  i think there was one semi decent actor other than the woman ,  i think the only thing ok with the budget was the make up ,  but they show every important scene of the film in the beginning music bit .  awful simply awful . 
this movie is just boring .   it tries to copy some effects borrowed to a creative director like jeunet in  " amélie poulain "  ,  but it is too much .  the dialogs are pretty bad ,  some of the worst i have ever heard ,  guillaume canet is not convincing  ( i have almost never found him very convincing )  ,  his father in the movie plays very badly ,  the story is dumb ,  the ending is .  .  .  stupid .   i think i have not dislike a movie so much since  " le pacte des loups "   ( brotherhood of the wolf )  from christophe gans  ( and i watch / see about 80-100 movies a year )  ,  but at least that movie had some action and lots of good actors .   i had never commented here  ( only rated )  ,  and when i saw the rating and the comments ,  i thought i had to write something down .   i guess we won't have problems to sell the dvd we were offered  :  not such a bad movie in our  ( large )  collection  !  !  !   i am open minded  ( i watch sf ,  westerns ,  drama ,  comedies ,  silents ,  horror ,  fantasy .  .  .  movies  !  )  ,  but this movie was so boring that i felt like i had lost one hour and a half . 
who could possibly sympathize with these two obnoxious protagonists ?  what's intended to be a light ,  frothy comedy about neighbor children who can't give up their childhood game of dare even as they age well into adulhood ,  comes off more as an exercise in cruelty and petulant self-indulgence .  as children ,  the pair are unbearably precocious ;  as adults they're intolerably immature .  it's a bad combination . 
i really disliked this movie .  .  .  . mainly because of the main characters !  they are both immature ,  selfish ,  and self-centered people .  they hurt everybody around them playing their silly game .  the visual effects were good but what good are they if there are no characters that you connect with or a story line that is interesting .  am i supposed to be happy when these two psycho people finally consummate their love for each other ?    after watching this movie i was thinking  " this is supposed be the #1 smash from france ?  "  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   *spoiler*   as for the end :  good riddance !  they both deserve each other !    
jeux d'enfants or how the film was wrongly translated into english love me if you dare is a film made by stupid people and about stupid people .  i just don't know how i could expect something worth a look from a film with such plot :  two stupid ignorant kids make a bet that each of them will do something  ( certainly extremely idiotic )  to prove to each other  ( wtf ?  )  that they are  " cool dudes "  .  i know that i exaggerated some aspects but that is what the entire film is about .  they grow older .  .  . and instead of realizing that they are just a couple of alienated weirdos continue to perform their crazy things ,  thinking that they are great people .   one could expect such a film from hollywood ,  but france ?  it is even more offensive to watch the film from the country which created amelie a couple of years ago ,  which ,  btw ,  the film tries to look like but is far ,  extremely far away from .   avoid .  avoid .  avoid . 
this was a disappointing horror film about a snotty young girl and her nightmares .  for a horror or  " thriller "  film and hype ,  it's way too tame .  there are only a few tense moments in here ,  not anywhere as near as many as should have been for a film of this genre .  even those  " tense "  scenes weren't much .  the music made them more dramatic that they actually were .   there is a lot of symbolism in here ,  so the elitist critics label this  " a thinking person's horror film .  "  well ,  if they think about it ,  i'm sure they will come to the same conclusion i did - a waste of money at the video rental store .   summary :  a yawner that offers an unlikeable lead character and generally poor acting .  vastly overrated and certainly not what it is advertised . 
poor tobe hopper .  he directed an all time horror classic  " texas chaimsaw massacre "  .  since then everything he's done has been horrible .  this is probably the worst .  .  . and that's saying a lot .  it's about a man  ( brad dourif )  who has the ability to make things  ( and people )  catch fire .  .  . or something like that .  hardly an original idea  ( anyone remember  " firestarter "  ?  )  it's a real mess .  .  . literally everything is done wrong !  pathetic acting  ( even dourif !  )  ,  asinine script ,  loust production values ,  crappy special effects .  .  . everything is bad !  !  !  !  !  a must miss .  .  . not even good for laughs . 
how can a director that makes such great films as poltergeist and the texas chainsaw massacre make such rubbish as this ?  i got this film off a friend and he didnt want it back its so bad .  how this can be classed as horror i will never know .   2/10
this a fascinatingly awful movie .  it make so little sense that it starts to make a kind of weird internal logic of its own .  well ,  it would if it didn't keep darting off up side-alleys until eventually floundering under the weight of its own indecisiveness .  the movie can't make up its mind whether it is a straight forward 'man turns into monster' flick  ( like all those 1950s 'the incredible insert verb ing man' movies )  ,  or a ghastly big business conspiracy theory movie ,  or a mystical afterlife contact story ,  or .  .  .  or what ?  take your pick .  it's just a mess .  grotesquely over the top and firing off in all directions ,  leaving loose ends flapping all over the place .  it was as if tobe hooper had been taking david lynch pills .  unfortunately he didn't take enough . 
another of my delves into the bargain bin ,  this movie gave me exactly what i expected - a load of trashy horror complete with screaming ladies .   it all started so well - i liked the little intro with the  " newsreel "  about the young couple being exposed to a nuclear blast ,  and was totally absorbed right up until the first person caught fire .  .  .   from then onwards the film descended into outright silliness ,  and at times became almost embarrassing to watch .  when the heroine turned out to have been afflicted with the same condition as the main character  ( the ability to light one's own farts without the aid of a match )  it seemed almost as if someone had thrown the idea in at the last moment  (  " that'll be good !  "  you can almost hear them say .  .  .  )  as for the almost psychic link between the main character and the nuclear power plant ,  well .  .  .   the movie came across as cheap tat - if you pay more than £1 . 50 for it you've been done . 
tobe hooper has made great movies so i was certain this couldn't be bad .  i didn't read any reviews and tried to watch this unintentionally humorous film .  at times this made me laugh ,  sometimes i almost fell asleep ,  sometimes made me almost cry for hooper .   i rated this 3/10 because its 1990  " horror " -movie and many interesting or funny things happened there .  throughout the movie i was thinking something like  " they simply can't add more things in this movie .  .  .  "   .  .  but they did .   some tell this is some sort of firestarter clone but truly isn't .  it's based on that idea but thats all .  this is combination of horror ,  comedy ,  weird religion/god things ,  funny gore ,  simple effects ,  drama ,  horrible acting ,  unbelievable script .  . and more .   *spoilers* story is :  government tries to create ultimate weapon using nuclear power or something and fails ,  during process child is born for 2 test persons .  when mom sings to her child after the birth ,  both husband and wife burns and it is spontaneous combustion .  government buries whole thing and leaves this child live amongst other people and  .  .  .  then after x years this kid is grown up and realizes he has been born for a reason and whoa he can burn things with his brains .  then everything goes unbelievable messy nothing really explains anything and  .  .  well when the government realizes  " okay now he can set this fire thing to work "  they take him to normal hospital where is some nuclear toxic what they are going to use on this man because they could kill him ,  no they can't shoot him no !   .  .  and argh ,  i guess thats enough to tell ,  i promise there is 100 more weird things in this movie .   well if you want good laughs watch this one .  gosh . 
seriously ,  what is this ?  hooper has made such classic films like texas chainsaw massacre ,  then he made this god awful film ,  what happened ?  did he dip into the crack a little too much ?  this film is about some dude named sam who has the ability to set things on fire ,  ( firestarter ,  anyone ?  )  the acting was godawful ,  the plot was rubbish ,  and the special effects were extremely rubbish ,  they looked like something from the 70's .  van damme should be pleased that derailed is no longer the worst film ever ,  and what was with the ending ?  he started glowing blue ,  turned into a glowing blue blob ,  sucked out his girlfriends fire ,  and the film ended .  what was that ?  huh ?  when the film ended i hoped the dvd would spontaniously combust to save me from my pain .   stay away from this film .   don't think ,  obey ,  you'll thank me later . 
now ,  i hired this movie because brad dourif was in it .  he is an excellent actor ,  brilliant in everything .  .  . except this movie .  and i think that was only because he realized how stupid this movie was ,  and didn't bother with a good performance .  this movie is a unintentional-comedy .  some of the lines just crack me up .  and them there are some lines that make no sense ,  and it seems like tobe hooper just throw lines in without thinking about the plot .  oh !  btw the plot is bad !  but it one of those films that is taht bad that its actually painful to watch .  i recommend this only for big brad dourif fans ,  or fans of any of the other actors ,  because the plot is pathetic . 
others have already commented on the  " decline "  of director tobe hooper ,  but what about brad dourif ?  he was perfectly capable of selecting good projects  ( as he proved by starring in the same year's  " exorcist iii "  )  ,  so why did he agree to appear in this ?  sure ,  he gives a suitably demented performance ,  and the film is not outright bad ;  it's just uninvolving ,  uninteresting and unappealing .  that's three  " un- " s too many .   ( *1/2 ) 
first off ,  the lead ,  brad dourif is a kook .  if you're trying to take this movie seriously ,  then ,  i guarantee he's going to ruin it for you .  if you don't take him too seriously ,  then he's actually kind of fun to watch .  as with another reviewer ,  i loved the scene where lisa  ( cynthia bain )  and dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car .  another great campy scene was watching john landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room .  in fact ,  i found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - i'm just not sure if tobe hooper meant it to be that way . 
pretty poor firestarter clone that seems more like a bad tv movie than a bad feature film .  how disappointing for this to come from hooper and dourif !   government contractors do a human experiment with a hydrogen bomb .  the boy born to the couple from the experiment constantly runs a fever of 100 degrees ,  and when he's an adult ,  people in his life start spontaneously combusting .  he tries to find out why .   the people completely on fire are well done ,  but when they get to the point that they are well done in another sense ,  they're obviously changed to dummies .  when jets of fire shoot out of characters' arms ,  it looks silly rather than alarming the way it should .  also ridiculous is fire that evidently travels through phone lines and erupts in huge jets from the receiver's earpiece .  how is that supposed to happen ,  exactly ?   something else that struck me as silly about the movie is when a character has visions of his late parents .  we later see the exact same shots from those visions in home movies . 
a man discovers that his parents were part of a nuclear experiment in the 50's and that he now has the power to .  .  .  burst into flames !    i was really geared up for this film ,  what with being directed by the great toby hooper and staring wild card brad dourif .  unfortunately it didn't rise above the average individual-with-violent-powers movie .  spontaneous combustion has an interesting premise behind it ,  unfortunately it never seems to live up to its potential and prolongs its plot too much .  the special effects aren't bad though and help to carry the movie to the finale .   the cast isn't bad ,  dourif does steal the show .   all around ,  no classic but it's not the worst of its kind either .   ** out of ****
this typically melodramatic bollywood film has inexplicably become a favorite of western critics .  the script is ludicrous ,  the acting is over-the-top ,  and it looks cheesy .  the only reasons for watching this soap opera are the wonderful songs sung by mangeshkar and the curtain call of the legendary meena kumari .  watching the actress ,  who was ill during the filming and would drink herself to death at age 40 shortly after the film was released ,  has the same fascination as watching a train wreck .  her ex-husband ,  amrohi ,  wrote and directed ,  but lacks the competency to execute either task well .  bollywood has produced far better films . 
i tried as hard as i could to sit all the way through this irritating mess ,  but i just couldn't do it .  brad dourif absolutely sucked as the lead and all the supporting cast were only marginally worse .    the whole thing is just ludicrous ,  from the awful acting to the laughable fx to the stupid plot .   complete waste of time ;  don't bother .  root canal therapy would be more enjoyable .  bamboo slivers under the fingernails would be a lot more pleasant .    watching a uwe boll movie would be only a little worse than this .  get the idea ? 
it's often said that tobe hooper just struck lucky with his grisly 1974 horror film 'the texas chain saw massacre' and every time i see another hooper film - that view is only reinforced .  it would seem that hooper wanted to make his own version of films such as scanners and firestarter in 1990 and so we end up with spontaneous combustion ;  a film with a couple of good ideas and a whole load more that are borrowed from other films .  put it all together and you get a messy ,  boring film that most people would do well to miss !  the film leads the audience to believe that it might be half decent initially with an intriguing back story that focuses on some experiments carried out on two young people in the fifties .  the couple have a child and shortly thereafter burn to death as a result of the experiments done on them .  fast forward some years and the baby is now an adult named sam ;  but naturally he's not a normal person and soon finds when it's discovered that he has the ability to set things on fire at will .   the film stars brad dourif ,  who must have seemed like a good casting choice given his success with child's play two years earlier ;  but actually was an uninspired decision as the central performance is really terrible ;  and not helped by the terrible supporting performances .  the turgid direction and dull script also don't do the film many favours and the trend of lacking in favours is continued by the special effects ,  which are very unrealistic and have nothing on the films that this one is ripping off ;  all of which were made some years earlier .  the plot is really slow and it's almost an hour before anything of note happens ,  and i didn't care for it even then .  it soon becomes obvious which direction the film will go in and it all boils down to the sort of tedious ending you would expect .  the final confrontation is a big disappointment and nothing is really explained during the film .  not that any revelation would have been interesting anyway .  overall ,  this is a rubbish film and another reason why tobe hooper is a long way from being a great horror director .  see firestarter again instead . 
bizarre tobe hooper exercise regarding an unfortunate young man ( brad dourif ) with the ability to set people on fire .  this ability stems from parents who partook in atomic experiments in the 50's .  they die of spontaneous human combustion and it seems that what sam is beginning to suffer from derives by these pills his girlfriend ,  lisa ( cynthia bain ) gives him to take for rough migraines .  in actuality ,  lisa was told to manipulate sam into taking the pills by lew orlander ( william prince )  ,  pretty much the young man's father who raised him from a child .  lew has benevolent plans .  . he sees sam as the first  " atomic man "  ,  a pure killing machine in human form .  sam never wanted this and will do whatever it takes to silence those responsible for his condition .  as the film goes ,  sam's blood is slowly growing toxic ,  green in color instead of red .  it seems that water and other substances which often put out fire react right the opposite when sam's uncontrollable outbursts of flame ignite .  come to find out ,  lisa has sam's condition whose parents also dies from shc .  dr .  marsh ( jon cypher )  ,  someone who sam has known for quite some time as his physician ,  is to insert toxic green fluid into their bodies ,  i'm guessing to increase their levels of flame .  nina ( melinda dillon ,  sporting an accent that fades in and out ) was sam's parents' friend and associate on the experiments in the 50's who tries to talk things over with him regarding what is happening .  and ,  rachel ( dey young ) is sam's ex-wife who may be working against her former husband with lew and marsh to harm him and lisa .   quite a strange little horror flick ,  filled with some pretty awful flame-effects .  dourif tries to bring a tragic element and intensity to his character whose plight we continue to watch as his body slowly becomes toxic waste with fire often igniting from his orifices .  there's this large hole in his arm that spits out flame like a volcano and a massive burn spot on his hand which increases in size over time .  best scene is probably when director john landis ,  who portrays a rude electrical engineer trying to inform sam to hang up because the radio program he's calling has sounded off for the night ,  becomes a victim of shc .  the flick never quite works because it's so wildly uneven with an abrupt ,  ridiculous finale where sam offers to free lisa of her fire by taking it from her . 
not as bad ,  as it's credited to being  ( hooper's done far worse )  more so disappointing for me .  such an imaginative concept ,  which is never really tapped in to by hooper with his economical direction and even less so in the smoky  ( excuse the pun )  writing .  it goes so sinister and over-the-top in a dead serious tone ,  becoming ridiculous and unfocused letting the whole pessimistic mystery / conspiracy-laced narrative being easily telegraphed to end on something completely abrupt .  because of that ,  the pacing goes on to be rather sluggish and brad dourif  ( cool to see him in a leading role )  seems to struggle with an off-balanced performance ,  despite etching out a bemusedly quirky intensity to his off-colour character .  even though it's cheaply done ,  there's a competent technical attitude to it .  however it doesn't seem to go anywhere out of the ordinary with its idea and wants to plaster in nasty jolts  ( which some do work )  and strikingly steaming special effects  ( flames ,  flames everywhere )  instead .  hooper does display some stylishly frenetic imagery  ( more so towards the latter end )  ,  and the camera-work is swiftly manoeuvred and the beaming score is titillating .  the performances are bit all over the shop with the appearances of william prince ,  cynthia bain ,  dey young ,  jon cypher and melinda dillon .  also geroge buck flower and john landis have small ,  but amusing cameos especially landis .  nothing surprises ,  but it's passably engaging . 
it's not so much that spontaneous combustion had little potential .  indeed the under-explored title phenomenon is quite intriguing and ,  for at least the opening half ,  this tobe hooper effort promises to entertain in a way only cheesy '90s horror can .  but somewhere between brad dourif's on-again-off-again performance and the overly intricate plot ,  this would-be thriller loses its way .   dourif ,  featured here before his built-in horror fan base had accumulated ,  is average guy sam .  of course average guys don't stay average for long in horror movies ,  so after a well-done origin outline ,  we see sam's various body parts start to ignite .  soon he's igniting other people ,  too ,  much to the consternation of gal pal lisa ,  played unmemorably by cynthia bain .   while the title of the film implies a fire-happy monster on the loose ,  director hooper opted to make sam an unwilling killer .  this approach gives the film an added human depth it would otherwise lack ,  but it also prevents us from truly fearing the human flamethrower .  we're left wondering whether this would have worked better as a straight-up villain-versus-everyone effort ala nightmare on elm street .   spontaneous combustion is a pretty nominal effort when all is said and done .  it will carry added appeal for dourif's fans and those who can't get enough 1990s horror ,  be it good ,  bad or in between ,  but only on a slow night . 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnn !   : =8o  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  <=8 .   oh ,  um excuse me ,  sorry ,  fell asleep there for a mooment .  now where was i ?  oh yes ,   " the projected man "  ,  yes .  .  .  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  <=8 .   ooops ,  sorry .  yes ,   " the projected man "  .  well ,  it's a british sci-fi yawnfest about nothing .  some orange-headed guy projects himself on a laser ,  gets the touch of death .  at last he vanishes ,  the end .  actually ,  the film's not even that interesting .  dull ,  droning ,  starchy ,  stiff ,  and back-breakingly boring ,   " the projected man "  is 77 solid minutes of nothing ,  starring nobody .  dull as dishwater .  dull as doorknob dust .  dull as ethan hawke - we're talking really dull here ,  people !  but wait ,  in respect to our dull cousins from across the puddle ,  the moocow will now do a proper review for  " the projected man "  :   zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  <=8 . 
 ( spoilers ) the one truly memorable part of this otherwise rather dull and tepid bit of british cuisine is steiner's henna rinse ,  one of the worst dye jobs ever .  that ,  and the magnificent caterpillar eyebrows on the old evil dude who was trying to steal steiner's invention .  mst3k does an admirable job of making a wretchedly boring and grey film funny . i particularly like it when crow kills mike with his 'touch of death' ,  and when he revives him in the theatre ,  mike cries  " guys ,  i died ,  i saw eternal truth and beauty !  oh ,  it's this movie .  .  .  "  that would be a letdown ,  having to come back from the afterlife to watch the rest of the projected man .  the film could make a fortune being sold as a sleep aide .  some of the puns in the film were wicked :  police inspector- " electrocution !  "  crow- " shocking ,  isn't it ?  "  police inspector- " that's lowe ,  all right "  tom servo- " very low ,  right down by the floor !  "  police inspector- " can i get on ?  "  tom servo- " he's dead ,  but knock yourself out "  mst3k is definitely the only way to watch this snoozer . 
this is a rather dull movie about a scientist that creates a teleporter device and gets horribly disfigured when he uses the machine to transport himself .  simple plot done before in the fly and others .  not only does he get disfigured ,  but he also can electrocute people with a touch .  what is really dumb about this film is that we are expected to believe the place this guy works is against him .  he could probably make millions for the institution that he is working at ,  but the head of the institution tries to sabotage his teleporter every step of the way .  in the end the projected man electrocutes three people for no reason then goes after those that have wronged him . 
with that line starts one silly ,  boring british sci fi film .  the great vorelli from the movie  " devil doll "  builds a teleportation machine only to have his funding cut off by blanchard ,  a bearded man who has a thing for bow ties and men with large eye brows .  when his experiment fails ,  the good doctor learns that lembach ,  the man who controls all of the grants in the world ,  will be staying in london for a few days .  he attempts to project himself into the house of blanchard with the help of his comely lab assistant ,  sheila .  needless to say something goes wrong and he winds up looking like a rat .  the rest of the movie is devoted to the good orange haired doctor walking around london shocking people with his mutated hand and wearing a diaper on his face .  there are some more killings ,  some modest paper work ,  and finally ,  the doctor vanishes to where ever rat faced doctors go .  thankfully no one decided to make a sequel . 
this is one of the worst things to ever come out of england ,  so that says a lot right there .  the tension when we have to find out whether or not lembach is staying is amazing though .  the upside is seeing the nice secretary ,  sheila ,  in her picnic table print underwear for awhile after being captured by dr .  rat face .  this movie has several views of london too although none of them are good .  there is also a point in which there is almost a car accident which gets your heart rate back to just below normal .  there is also a watch that gets teleported away ,  and the fear of the woman not getting her watch back is parallel to the horror of  " the sixth sense "  only a lot more dull and british .  add on a furious gun fight between the british police and the dr .  rat ,  which results in nothing ,  plus the electrocuting of a lot of people ,  plus a cat and you have yourself .  .  .  ummm .  .  .  a british movie .  the mst3k version is pretty good although not one of there bests . 
this movie sounded like it might be entertaining and interesting from its description .  but to me it was a bit of a let down .  very slow and hard to follow and see what was happening .  it was as if the filmmaker took individual pieces of film and threw them in the air and had them spliced together whichever way they landed  ( definitely not in sequential order )  .  also ,  nothing of any consequence was being filmed .  i have viewed quite a few different korean films and have noticed that a good portion are well made and require some thinking on the viewer's part ,  which is different from the typical hollywood film .  but this one befuddled me to no end .  i viewed the film a second and third time and it still didn't do anything for me .  i still don't really understand what the filmmaker was trying to convey .  if it was to just show a typical mundane portion of a person's life ,  i guess he succeeded .  but i was looking for more .  needless to say ,  i can't recommend this movie to anyone . 
this movie is spoofed in an episode of mystery science theater 3000 .  i think mst3k was at its best when they ripped this movie .   terrible acting ,  bad makeup ,  poor effects ,  chick in skimpy  ( 1960's ) underwear .  i give it a 2 .   the villain is hard to understand due to the makeup .  the assistant says things like 'not you' that sound like nachoo !  !   ( think sneezing )  .  it's just poor oration .  the long eyebrows are hilarious on one of the characters .    i still don't know what 'the projected man' means in terms of the plot .  i missed some of the beginning though .    what is up with this 10 line minimum on posting ?  ? 
i remember this film ,  exhibit in barcelona  ( spain )  in 1970 ,  for the time of a week .  although it could seems incredible ,  and i can't offer any explanation for it ,  this movie was exhibit in a theater dedicated to .  .  .  movies of art and big quality  ( that ,  is ,  bergman ,  resnais ,  malle ,  buñuel ,  and .  .  .  the projected man )  .  few people saw it  ( luckly people ,  no doubt )  and no reference about this very boring sf movie can be found in the peter nichols science fiction encyclopidie ,  or about the author of the original novel .  very indicative .  i remember of it ,  after all this years ,  a no-story ,  a lot of special effects that seems ridiculous effects in fact ,  and no more .  it seems that in some countries the running time is 90 mm .  and in anothers 77 min .  well ,  it means only a little more of pain . 
ok first of all ,  this movie sucks .  but lets examine why .  the proposition that a machine is capable of transforming matter into energy ,  storing it ,  and then transporting it and reasembling it is at the least intriguing .  but that's as far as they take this premise .  instead of delving into what could happen if someone made this kind of machine ,  they break the damn thing .  this could have been a good premise .  living with the responsibilty of this kind of power ,  and dealing with the constant temptation ,  ie .  .  the invisible man .  but no .  .  they break the damn thing .  and lembach wants to leave .  so then the doctor jerry-rigs the thing back together ,  and trys to transport himself .  only to have it goofed up by his beautiful but dumb secretary ,   ( duh )  .  which wouldn't happened if lembach hadn't decided to leave .  so now he is roaming the country side killing people because his little experiment failed ,  and they wouldn't give him money .  wah .  then to make the movie worse ,  throw in a dry british relationship between the two semi-competent professors hired to assist him .  between their loving sessions ,  they make a couple of half-hearted attempts to find him while he kills off half of london .  all of this could have been headed off by not breaking the damn machine ,  which would never have happened if lembach hadn't left .  this movie tried so i give it an honest 2 stars for effort ,  but it would have been better if they hadn't broke the damn machine ,  making lembach leave ,  making him try it again .  damn you lembach !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
the title alone  ( along with the poster )  is enough to give away  " the projected man "  as an obvious rip-off of  " the fly "  .  and bryant haliday ,  while much better than the typical imdb review would have you think ,  is nobody's idea of an acceptable stand-in for vincent price .  although ,  come to think of it ,  who would be ,  unless micheal gough was available ?  ?  still ,  if you are in the mood to watch a british  " hammer "  style movie with a science fiction theme about a teleportation experiment gone horribly wrong .  .  . well ,  you still might want to give  " the projected man "  a pass and rummage around in the 'remaindered' bin at your local wal-mart for another teleporter-accident movie .  because this one just isn't all that good .   haliday caught a lot of good natured ribbing from the mst3k crew for his part in this movie and in  " devil doll "  ,  but he is actually the best thing in tpm .  maybe he can't carry the movie ,  but he gets practically no help here from the screenplay .  the script bogs down any forward momentum the plot may have in a mire of nonsense about funding and university politics and a guy named lembach and some sinister cabal who want the teleportation machine to fail so they can steal its secrets .  .  . or something .  so all the dramatic sequences in the first half of movie involve either phone calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting rats .  then when poor haliday gets mutilated by his machine ,  he has to spend the last part of the film wearing a diaper over half his face and rubber cement over the rest while he electrocutes various londoners who chance across his path .  tom cruise and eric roberts using bullhorns couldn't have made this screenplay work .    meanwhile all the other actors diligently try to inject life and interest into their roles for this turgid little project ,  but the screenplay just swallows their efforts whole .  the corrupt project administrator frets and fumes and hisses into the phone to his blackmailers ,  all the while failing to notice that he looks like a werewolf outfitted in a tweed suit and a tattersall vest .  haliday's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the least convincing romance in the history of british horror cinema .  his secretary is forced to parade around in her  " smalls "  .  none of it really works or gels into a real movie .  and it all just kind of stops dead ,  leaving the viewer going ,   " eh ?  excuse me ,  wasn't there supposed to be an ending here ?  ?  "   still ,  for all its problems ,  i can easily name a dozen horror movies from the same period that were as bad or worse ,  and so could anyone else who follows movies  ( or who has ever browsed the imdb  " bottom 100 "  )  .  i wouldn't actually pay money to own  " projected man "  ,  but if it were included in some compilation along with a dozen other movies in a dvd collection ,  i'd probably feel ok about having it .  it's a harmless diversion ,  perfect for a horror movie film festival ,  to watched with friends while consuming many beers and snacks on a saturday evening . 
professor paul steiner is doing research in matter transference .  he has developed a machine that he can use to make an object like a wrist watch or rodent disappear ,  only to have that object re-materialize in a different location .  but there are those at his research facility that do not like or approve of his experiments and will do whatever it takes to see that he doesn't succeed .  after a failed demonstration that might have saved his funding ,  professor steiner decides to test his machine on himself .  as expected ,  things go horribly wrong and he is transformed into a heavily scared madman whose mere touch will kill .   in hindsight ,  maybe it wasn't such a good idea to re-watch the projected man in the same week i watched the fly ,  return of the fly ,  and curse of the fly .  there seems to be only so many movies about matter transference and the potentially horrendous effects it can have on the human body that one person should be made to endure in a three or four day period .  i'm not sure what those responsible for the movie list as their source material for the projected man ,  but much of it is so similar to the fly movies that it cannot be mere coincidence .  however ,  the projected man isn't even nearly as good as the worst of the fly trilogy .   besides being terribly unoriginal ,  the projected man has several other problems that really hurt the enjoyment of the movie .  a big issue i have is with bryant haliday in the lead .  he's such a horse's ass that ,  not only do i not care about his suffering ,  i actually root for it .  supporting cast members mary peach and ronald allen are almost as bad .  they're so bland and dull they hardly matter .  in fact ,  there's very little to get excited about while watching the projected man .  the soundtrack  not very memorable .  the  " look "   i would describe much of it as  " muddy "  .  the plot  predictable .  the action  there isn't any .  overall ,  this is one to avoid .   fortunately ,  i watched the projected man via a copy of the mystery science theater 3000 episode .  funny stuff !  while not an absolute ,  very often ,  the poorer the movie  the better the mst3k riffs .  the guys hit almost all of their marks with the projected man .  i'll give it a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my mst3k rating scale . 
the film ,  a universal release of a protelco-mlc production ,  is a boring retelling of the theory of breaking down the molecular structure of an object ,  capturing it in a cell as  " pure energy ,  "  and then sending it back complete to a  " target area .  "  there is no explanation why this is necessary ,  but professor paul steiner  ( played by pock-mocked actor bryant haliday ,   " devil doll "  )  thinks it's something to dedicate his ,  and his assistants' ,  pat hill  ( mary peach )  and chris mitchell  ( ronald allen )  ,  lives to .    during an experiment before noted dutch scientist  " lembach "   ( gordon heinz )  ,  his machine fails due to sabotage ,  so he has himself  " projected "  by his secretary ,  sheila  ( tracey crisp )  to seek revenge .  of course ,  she screws up and he comes out looking like a  " pork roast "  with the power to electrocute people .    with this new-found power ,  he manages to zap some cockney idiots ,  a security guy named latham  ( derrick de marney )  and his lab boss ,  dr .  blanchard  ( norman woodland )  .  he also is able to break into a pharmacy and steal a pair of rubber gloves and a black coat ,  as well .    in the end ,  though ,  despite hill and mitchell's attempt to help him ,  the clown destroys his equipment and himself .  on the whole ,  a completely pointless movie with no message at all .    also one of the most depressing color films you will ever see . 
the only reason i don't give this movie fewer than 3 stars is because it isn't quite on par with a movie like manos :  the hands of fate .  this movie's greatest crime is the fact that it is head-meltingly boring & terribly ,  unforgivably british .  the premise of this movie sounds potentially promising ,  the whole teleporting concept ,  but the direction they went with it was completely uninteresting .  it was more a movie about research funding and bowties than projecting lasers .  the actors were wooden ,  unemotional ,  and aloof .  as was the love affair between the two scientists-- which was anything but intriguing .  i never was able to tell what the attraction was between them as the chemistry was non-existent .  nor did i really understand why the melty-faced main guy decided to slaughter everyone he met .  at least now i know that i should always give someone a fair hearing before i cut off their research grants ,  else they go rampaging about ,  killing wantonly with goofy hand gestures . 
i honestly can't believe what passes for entertainment now .  death  ( and making fun of death )  ,  violence ,  sexual innuendo ,  adults threatening children ,  crudeness ,  alcohol abuse by minors ,  drug theft ,  dysfunctional parents ,  babysitter from hell ,  stereotypical jokes about african americans ,  police and fat people ,  and kids sneaking out of the house in the middle of the night - yup ,  sure sounds like a kids movie to me - not !  !  !  add to that the dark and scary elements - a dead woman possessing and turning into a house and keeping her loving husband a prisoner inside for over 20 years ,  and also terrorizing an entire neighborhood - how sweet for kids .  parents - is this really what you want your kids to be watching - is this what you want to teach them about life ?  !   this movie is too scary for young kids ,  and i'm afraid that teens today may be living some of this movie scenario - so why rub it in their faces ?  as for an adult audience - you won't find it scary or amusing - just boring ,  contrived and predictable .  and the characters are just wrong - clueless parents ,  ignorant police ,  stupid and annoying friends ,  nasty and manipulative babysitters ,  and beer drinking/womanizing boyfriends .  what great material for kids - does this really sound like a children's movie to anyone ?  even the computer animation and good voice work aren't enough to redeem this terrible flick .  save your money ,  save your time ,  and save your children's minds - go rent ice age ,  monsters inc .  ,  the incredibles ,  shrek ,  a bug's life - any of them are way better than this horrid film .  spielberg and zemeckis - shame on both of you for making such a disaster and then billing it as a children's/family movie !  ! 
i'm grateful for one thing and one thing only - that this woman will now be thousands of miles away on an entirely different continent !  !  !  yay !  !  !  this programme summed up perfectly just how obsessed victoria beckham has become with whoring herself and her family out to the media in the name of self promotion and 'brand f*cking beckham' .   a few years ago i used to really like 'posh and becks' ,  i still very much admire david's talent ,  but i have no respect for him anymore .  how can you respect someone who has his wife's hand shoved up his backside working him like a puppet .   it was clear the hand of victoria was all over beckham's premature departure from manchester united and now the same thing has happened at real madrid .  i hope beckham can live with the fact that although he may be earning squillions of pounds - he's sold his soul for the american buck and will end his days playing for a team who would struggle to gain promotion from division one in england  ( no offence america - but at baseball and basketball you rule - football you don't !  )    anyway - i digress .  it's been years since i've seen such an over-the-top ,  entirely false performance from 'posh' - this being topped only during her cringe worthy red carpet performances following the rebecca loos 'debacle' ,  when instead of throwing all the cr*p at david he deserved ,  she desperately clung onto his arm trying to save the million pound money-spinner her marriage has become .   this whole pr stunt was pathetic .  why can't she just go over there quietly ,  support her husband through the biggest mistake of his professional career and keep her head down ?  when did she become so full of self importance that she feels the move to america should be shrouded by this huge fan fare ?    incidentally ,  i saw the david beckham documentary last night .  at least he has retained a sliver of grace and humility .  two things his wife could do with learning .   one more thing victoria - you complain about constantly being hounded by the paps .  little hint - stop tipping them off about your whereabouts you stupid woman .   good luck america !  ! 
posh spice victoria beckham and her alleged new adventures after just moving to la for work purposes  ( footballer hubby david is now a galaxy la player after his transfer from real madrid )  was originally going to be a full series , but was thankfully abridged to just one hour or so . but even in this form , it is still numbingly interminable .   like virtually all 'reality' tv shows , most of the incident comes across as blatantly faked , with the programme itself even admitting that posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actress . an ugly-betty lookalike , we hear some lamely written and performed banter early on ( with an obvious joke about becks' apparent dalliance with a previous , and rather more glamorous pa rebecca loos , though her name is not mentioned )  with further sequences involving a fake blow-up doll to trick the paparazzi and hopeless attempts to pitch a baseball .   this could have been more entertaining if all had acknowledged it was a piece of fluff , and had an actress or impersonator in the lead role . talented impressionist ronni ancona would've been perfect and is better at being posh than posh herself is , and if this more sensible decision had been taken , much more fun and amusement would've ensued . sadly , we are left with the real thing here  ( ms ancona may have rejected the script as too weak anyway )  , and although there are odd scattered attempts at self-deprecation and irony , it never remotely works because of prior info of la beckham's considerable wealth beforehand , and her non-ability at delivering would-be jokes ; despite the intentions to send up her image , mrs beckham comes across as a shallow egotist , and her weak one-liners don't persuade us she has any humorous self-awareness . i suspect that if a more realistic fly-on-the-wall documentary approach had been taken , namely posh walking down any street in la and being totally ignored  ( instead of the frantic , staged scenes of mild hysteria on show here )  ,  and associates making unscripted jibes about the previously mentioned ms loos , this would've made marginally better tv , but being sycophantic pr material , the bony one herself would never allow such events to happen .   having said that , the later scenes where she made a special appearance at the baseball stadium where she was indifferently presented in front of an uninterested crowd show it will be tough times ahead if she wants to make it big in hollywood . her colleague scary spice  ( aka mel brown )  also found it impossible to make it big residing in the movie capital despite her affair  ( which was not consummated )  with big name eddie murphy .   the spice girls were of course a massively successful bubblegum pop group in the mid 1990's , more so in their native britain but still popular briefly in other countries , including the us . they were certainly good fun at their peak of glory  ( 1997 )  when there seemed to be a glorious period of optimism in the uk with cool britannia and a new labour government which the spice girls seemed to sum up better then anyone else at the time , even if it was somewhat manufactured . but they were never outstanding musical or singing talents , and uk optimism seemed to fade rapidly later that year  ( the starting point was arguably the tragic death of princess diana )  , as did the spices' themselves . their presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious , and if they had all quietly moved out of the public eye permanently with dignity to enjoy their fortunes ,  then we would have all had pleasant memories encrypted on our mind without any guilt . unfortunately , the emergence of the hideous 'celebrity' culture in the uk towards the start of the millennium has put paid to those imaginings , and we have all suffered thousands , if not millions of stories about the spices since , posh being the worst offender , with the rest of her colleagues not too far behind . it was recently announced that there will be a reunion tour soon , which is baffling as they have never gone away and they certainly don't require any additions to their swelling bank accounts . maybe it's because two of them are struggling single mothers , perhaps ?   good , it's soon time for becks' adventures on a revelatory documentary next , i can hardly wait .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   rating : 2 out of 10 . 
i saw this director's  " woman on the beach "  and could not understand the good to great reviews .  this film is much like that one ,  two people who are caught in a relationship with very little dynamic and even less interest to anyone else .  like his other films ,  you have to want to listen to vacuous dialog ,  wade through very little and become enchanted with underwritten ,  pretty uninteresting characters .  if you feel you can like this film ,  don't let my review stop you .  i do like minimalism in films ,  but i feel tsai ming-liang's films are far superior .  he has a fairly terrific actor in lee kang-sheng in his films .  there is nothing here .  i wish iu liked it ,  but i don't .  oh ,  well . 
this 1974 naschy outing is directed by leon klimovsky ,  and a cursory glance at the publicity photos and packaging might lead you to believe that this medieval romp lies somewhere between  " inquisition "  and  " sadomania "  .  sadly not .   this is a strictly pg affair with tame torture sequences ,  no nudity and little edge at all .  naschy  ( of whom i am a fan )  struts his stuff as gilles de lancre ,   " antiguo mariscal de la nacion "  .  sadly he is more pantomime villain than anything else .  one gets the feeling with this film that we have seen him  ( and it )  done all before .  strictly therefore for naschy completest only . 
despite the  ( english )  title ,  this seems to have little to do with devils and much more to do with a power hungry ruler who seeks the philospher's stone & wants gold made from lead  ( & virgin's blood )  .  jacinto molina plays gilles de lancre and seems to have little issue with having people put to death when he thinks they threaten his position or when he needs virgins for their blood .  he's basically egged on by his lady love and an alchemist that he's employed and it's more greed and insanity that seems to be his problem than demonic possession  ( unfortunately )  .  there are parts that are at least somewhat exciting like jousting and grown men trying to knock each other down with big sticks ,  and the film at least has a good look to it ,  but otherwise there's little about this to recommend .  little in the way of gore and nothing to be afraid of at all ,  and most unusual ,  for a molina/naschy film ,  not really any unintentional humor .  therefore ,  4 out of 10 . 
not the greatest film to remember paul naschy by .   gaston  ( guillermo bredeston )  is probably the worst swordsman i have ever seen .  zorro would be ashamed !  his only salvation came as the competition was just as bad .   this film is described as adventure and horror .  forget the horror - there is none .  no nudity ,  no blood ,  no monsters ;  just a robin hood adventure against an evil baron  ( paul naschy )  who wants to be king .   the main feature of the film was seeing graciela nilson ,  who only made four films in two years and disappeared to our regrettable loss .  where did she go ? 
i tend to love everything the great late paul naschy  ( r . i . p .  )  ever was in .  while not all films starring naschy are great ,  they all have a specific charm that can be found nowhere but in naschy-flicks ,  and they are always entertaining .  there is no rule without exception ,  however ,  as  " el mariscal del infierno "  aka .   " the devil's possessed "   ( 1974 )  proves .  while the film does have the specific naschy-flick-charm ,  it sadly drags far too much and gets really ,  really dull in-between .  naschy stars as the evil baron gilles de lancré ,  who oppresses the people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power .  when gaston de malebranche  ( guillermo bredeston )  ,  who fought side by side with gilles de lancré against the british ,  learns about the baron's evil behavior ,  he decides to turn against his former comrade in arms and help the people free themselves from the satanic baron's tyranny .  .  .   directed by león klimovsky ,  who is best known for directing naschy in  " la noche de walpurgis "   (  " the werewolf vs .  the vampire woman "  ,  1971 )  ,  the film was scripted by naschy himself .  naschy often scripted his own films ,  and one must say that he mostly did a better ,  more original job than it is the case here .   " el mariscal del infierno "  is mostly built up as a historical adventure rather than a horror film ,  and it gets quite boring throughout the middle .  it often resembles the sword and sandal films from the 50s ,  only that this film is set in medieval times .  the satanic part was probably only added because the great paul naschy's name is linked to the horror genre .  the film has its good parts :  paul naschy giving weird speeches ,  paul naschy looking weird ,  paul naschy doing satanic stuff ,  paul naschy torturing innocent victims ,  etc .  but sadly ,  most of the film concentrates on the boring hero and the good guys ,  and these moments are boring .  the female cast members are nice to look at ,  but ,  unlike most naschy films ,  this one features no nudity and sleaze .  there is some gore ,  but it mostly looks clumsy and isn't as fun too look at as it is the case with most other naschy films .  overall ,   " el mariscal del infierno "  is only worth a look for my fellow naschy-enthusiasts .  there are dozens of films starring the spanish horror deity which should be seen before this one ,  such as  " el jorobado de la morgue "   (  " the hunchback of the morgue "  ,  1973 )  ,   " la orgia de los muertos "   (  " the hanging woman "  ,  1973 )  ,   " el espanto surge de la tumba "   (  " horror rises from the tomb "  ,  1973 )  ,   " latidos de panico "   (  " panic beats "  ,  1983 )  ,   " rojo sangre "   ( 2004 )  ,  or any of the 'waldemar daninsky' werewolf films .  r . i . p .  paul naschy .  legends never die ! 
it's rare that i feel a need to write a review on this site ,  but this film is very deserving because of how poorly it was created ,  and how bias its product was .   i felt a distinct attempt on the part of the film-makers to display the palestinian family as boorish and untrustworthy .  we hear them discuss the sadness that they feel from oppression ,  yet the film is shot and arranged in a way that we feel the politically oppressed population is the jewish israeli population .  we see no evidence that parallels the position of the palestinian teenager .  we only hear from other palestinians in prison .  i understand restrictions are in place ,  but the political nature of the restrictions are designed to prevent peace .   i came out of the film feeling that the mother of the victim was selfish in her mourning and completely closed minded due to her side of the fence ,  so to speak .  she continued to be unwilling to see the hurt of the bomber's parents ,  and her angry and closed-minded words caused the final meeting to spiral out of control .  it is more realistic ,  in my mind ,  to see the israeli mindset to be a root of the problem ;  ignored pleas for understanding and freedom ,  ignored requests for acknowledgment for the process by which the jewish population acquired the land .   i have given this a two because of these selfish weaknesses of the mother ,  which normally would be admirable in a documentary ,  however in the light of the lack of impartiality ,  it all seems exploitative .  also for the poor edits ,  lack of background in the actual instance ,  and finally the lack of proper representation of the palestinian side .  ultimately ,  it is a poor documentary and a poor film .  i acknowledge this is partially the result of the political situation ,  but am obliged to note the flaws in direction regardless of the heart-wrenching and sad subject matter . 
the filming crew did not have good access to the occupied territories ,  so filming of the israeli side dominated .  i was struck by the nearly completely opposite points of view of the mothers .  the israeli mother lost a child who had the possibility of a life of tremendous happiness .  the palestinian mother lost a child who had only the possibility of a life of privation and despair .  with such completely different viewpoints ,  any meeting had no real chance of any meeting of the minds .  the word  " peace "  did not have the same meaning to each of them .  peace to the palestinian was freedom .  peace to the israeli was security .  with such an abyss ,  is this sort of film really worth much ?  i finished with the feeling that i had watched pointless propaganda -- both sides were unconvincing . 
it's pretty clear that the director and production crew set out to paint a less than flattering picture of the palestinian girl and her family .  the film and it's website tries to imply that ayat has a secret reason for blowing herself and rachel up- a boyfriend problem- perhaps pregnancy .  neatly glossed over is the fact that ayat had herself just witnessed the death of a close friend at the hands of the israelis'-just outside her home .  gosh , so why on earth would a young ,  pretty ,  intelligent girl with plans for college go and do such a thing ?  could it be that the hormonal ,  emotional teenager was traumatized by seeing seeing someone she loved die before her very eyes ?  this detail merits all of 5 seconds in the movie .  another neatly sidestepped detail is that avigail levy ,  rachels' mother ,  could have prevented the destruction of the building the akhras family lived in ( along with 22 other families )  .  one distinctly gets the impression that she's offering this as a  " concession "  - should mrs .  akhras agree to speak with her .  " why should i ?  "  she says .  ( since the movie was made the home has been destroyed- apparently the interview didn't result in what she wanted- so bring on the bulldozers ) mrs levy claimed that she  " wanted the movie to be cathartic as well as a symbol of hope ,  a chance to transcend entrenched hatreds " - instead she uses it as an excuse to harangue ayats mother ,  while dangling the house as a carrot . moreover although the two women live only 4 miles apart ,  she is so out of touch with the realities of the occupation for her palestinian neighbors ,  that she really thinks that mrs .  akhras can just drop over for a cup of coffee ? please . and she forgoes the one chance she had to meet mrs .  akhras in person and see what kind of life she lives .  ( the akras family originally came from jaffa ,  but now live crammed into a refugee camp only 4 miles from where the levys live in comparative luxury . any sympathy i would have had for the obviously well to do mrs .  levy is dissolved by her air of self-righteous bitchiness . by contrast ,  ayats mother comes off as kind , forthright and loving- in spite of the best efforts by the post production crew to paint her and her family as monsters .  heck even the music and sound design was one sided- i guess the muezzin sings all day every day 4 miles from the levy family home ,  always in a sharply contrasting key from the sappy new-age music that scores this drab excuse for a documentary . also there is the small matter of translations - mrs .  levy directly addresses the camera in english when she has something worked out to say ahead of time ,  hebrew when she doesn't .  mrs . akhras spoke only arabic which received sometimes a translation ,  sometimes transliteration ,  always awkward ,  and very suspect for a supposedly objective movie . they also  " sweated "  her under the lights ,  while mrs .  levy sat in  ( air conditioned )  comfort . rotten editing for mrs .  akhras' segments too .  i gave it a 2 because i liked ayats mother and father ,  who seemed like good decent people .  shame on hbo ,  producers and director ,  for releasing such a stink-bomb . 
alan alda plays real-life  " sports illustrated "  writer george plimpton ,  who was once invited to join the detroit lions football team as an honorary member .  rather wan ,  uncompelling drama curiously tempered with fantasy .  director alex march takes an interesting tack on this material ,  shooting it in a quasi-documentary fashion  ( with macho commentary )  and yet giving the tale a touch of capraesque whimsy ;  still ,  by bringing out the cinematic flashiness in this set-up ,  he turns the main narrative into a jumble .  alda's smug ,  uncharismatic performance is another handicap ,  though the supporting cast is filled with real-life pro-athletes  ( and scintillating lauren hutton as alda's girlfriend--how's that for a fantasy ?  )  .  *1/2 from ****
bestselling writer george plimpton ( alan alda ) takes on an assignment for sports illustrated .  he is to go incognito to the detroit lions training camp and try out for a position as third string quarterback .  he is quickly found out by the team members featuring alex karras and mike lucci .  the entire team finds it amusing to cause stumbling blocks in the writer's determination to quarterback for a series in a real game .   this movie is alda's debut and also helped karras leave the gridiron for acting .  besides the 1968 detroit lions ,  the cast also includes  " sugar ray "  robinson ,  roy schieder and lauren hutton .   alex march directs this story based on plimton's book . 
i am generally more willing to be open minded about rom coms than many ,  but this was simply not a very good attempt .  its got nothing to do with comparisons with the british original -- have not seen ,  and doubt i will .  it has a whole lot to do with a meandering plot ,  lack of chemistry between the leads and a godawful performance/character from its supposed male lead  ( jimmy fallon )  .   fallon walks onto the screen wearing the clothes and hairdo of a 15 year old and acting a decade younger than that .  he's supposed to be a teacher you see ,  and of course its well known that school districts the world over love to hire individuals less mature than the children they purport to teach .  the character is so extremely disturbed and irrational that i have my doubts whether any actor could have made him likable ,  but old reliables like john cusack or adam sandler might have been able to give it a shot .  not fallon ,  who is neither funny ,  nor an actor ,  but appears to think he is both .  not once in the entire course of the movie do you either believe fallon in his role ,  or believe that there is any way these two people should ,  or would be together .  near the end of the movie there is a scene where barrymore  ( who was cute as usual but could not carry this one alone -- its hard to have a one person romance )  tells fallon that its over ,  too much has happened ,  and she's moving on .  and rather than feeling bad about the scene ,  or sorry for fallon ,  you are actively cheering her on -- finally she does what she should have done months ago .  but of course the plot mechanics won't allow that to be the end of it  ( an end which actually might have made a statement out of this mess )  ,  and instead we get to see the rational career girl throwing it all away to chase after this childish idiot and encourage his delusions .  its of course meant to be gooey and satisfying ,  but it actually made me more disgusted than anything else . 
in one word .  .  .  abysmal .  i give it one star for the hippie sex scenes and eye candy women ,  otherwise forget it .  corman's worst effort ,  bar none .  ben vereen should have had his name permanently stricken from the cast .  i cannot believe that this is now going to be on dvd  ( as of 2/15/05 )  with  " wild in the streets "  - another retro stinker .  i woke up sick in bed this morning with a cold ,  decided to watch a movie to cheer me up some ,  scanned the digital channels .  .  .  the premise looked interesting enough because i like viewing b-movie sci-fi ,  hippie culture and rebellious teen flicks .  it seemed familiar somehow and with ben vereen in the cast ,  i thought .  .  .  why not ?  what a big mistake .  .  .  it was a horrible start to my day .   only after viewing it ,  i now know why the familiarity crept into the recesses of my newly-awakened brain .  i remembered seeing coming attractions for this film as a 14-year old  ( i'm 45 )  ,  back in the early/mid-seventies at the sombrero ,  a local art theater that no longer exists .  .  .  the whole theater laughed hysterically and even groaned out loud at how bad this movie looked .  acting :  dreadful ,  story :  awful ,  cinematography :  nearly-awful ,  music :  terrible ,  sound :  horrendous ,  directing :  a joke .  if you choose to watch this after my warning ,  remember .  .  .   " i told you so .  "    " gass-s-s-s "  is the perfect title for this film .  .  .  you feel  " gassed "  after viewing this putrid movie - or maybe that you should be taken to a  " gas "  chamber for wasting your brain away .  i have seen homemade super 8 movies that put this film to shame .  definitely a new addition to my all-time top ten worst films .  .  .  it's up there  ( er ,  down there )  with  " tentacles .  "    ted in gilbert ,  az
i don't hand out  " ones "  often ,  but if there was ever a film that deserved this sort of attention ,  it's  " gas !  "  this is self-indulgent crap that reaches for some of the ambiance of m*a*s*h and falls completely flat on its face in the attempt .   i see what corman was going for - malcolm marmorstein and elliott gould tried to reproduce gould's deathless role in the original movie version of m*a*s*h with a similar plot  ( in the movie  " whiffs "  - look it up here in imdb ,  http : //www . imdb . com/title/tt0073891/ for more information )  .   marmorstein and gould got closer to the brass ring with  " whiffs "  than corman did with  " gas !  "  but didn't quite get there .  neither one of those films even got close to the success of m*a*s*h .   what's wrong with  " gas !  "  ?  what isn't ?  no one comes close to really acting at a level above junior high school theatrics .  the production values stink .  someone else here mentioned the magically regenerating headlights on a getaway car ,  and there's more of that lack of attention to detail .  nothing works the way it's supposed to in this film ,  and nobody cares .    " gas !  "  actually put me to sleep .  it's not a sure cure for insomnia ,  but really close .  on the cinematic sleep induction scale ,   " gas !  "  falls somewhere between  " last year at marienbad "  and george clooney's remake of  " solaris "   ( which itself was remarkable for being more boring than the mosfilm original ,  despite that studio's seeming unfamiliarity with the idea of keeping the audience's attention by judicious editing )  .   judicious editing would have decimated  " gas !  "  to about twenty minutes .  the result would be pointless ,  but no more so than the original film .   certain films are so bad that they have a compelling quality that makes them worth watching anyway .  this isn't one of them .  don't waste your time .  it's not even amusingly bad . 
roger corman is undeniably one of the most versatile and unpredictable directors/producers in history .  he was single-handedly responsible for some of my favorite horror films ever  ( like the edgar allen poe adaptations  " masque of the red death "  and  " pit and the pendulum "  )  as well as some insufferably cheap and tacky rubbish quickies  ( like  " creature from the haunted sea "  and  " she gods of the shark reef "  )  .  corman also made a couple of movies that are simply unclassifiable and  simply put  nearly impossible to judge properly .   " the trip "  ,  for example ,  as well as this imaginatively titled  " gas-s-s-s "  can somewhat be labeled as psychedelic exploitation .  in other words ,  they're incredibly strange hippie-culture influenced movies .  half of the time you haven't got the slightest idea what's going on ,  who these characters are that walk back and forth through the screen and where the hell this whole thing is going .  the plot is simply and yet highly effective :  a strange but deadly nerve gas is accidentally unleashed and promptly annihilates that the entire world population over the age of 25 .  this *could* be the basic premise of an atmospheric ,  gritty and nail-bitingly suspenseful post-apocalyptic sci-fi landmark ,  but writer george armitage and roger corman decided to turn it into a  " trippy "  road-movie comedy .  none of the characters is even trying to prevent their inevitable upcoming deaths ;  they just party out in the streets and found little juvenile crime syndicates .   " gas-s-s-s "  is a disappointingly boring and tries overly hard to be bizarre .  the entire script appears to be improvised at the spot and not at all funny .  definitely not my cup of tea ,  but the film does have a loyal fan base and many admirers ,  so who am i to say that it's not worth your time or money ? 
i think if you are into the sixties kind of thing ,  as i am ,  you are obligated to waste about 80 minutes of your life watching this barely watchable trainwreck .  the saving graces of this oddity include a surprisingly apt social commentary on sixties values along with a number of relatively well known actors caught in early  ( and embarrassing )  footage .  it's as if the producers of laugh-in sat down and decided to write a full length film ,  covering all the high points  ( and more )  of the issues between the flower children and the establishment ,  then put it in the hands of a couple of hippies and gave them about a $10 , 000 budget to complete it .  hardly a classic ,  but in its own way it does capture how truly strange that time was ,  the silliness ,  the over-idealism ,  and the uptightness of the establishment .  clearly not for everyone . 
when i first popped in happy birthday to me ,  i checked the timer to see how long the film was .  i was amazed at the length .  both animated and horror films share a common ground :  attention span of the selected audience and that should be at or right around 90 minutes .  anything more ,  and you'll lose the bulk of your audience .   this 110 minutes ,  or 20 minutes past its prime was a huge problem for me .  i'd like to say half of this movie could've been edited out ,  but i would be too generous to say that .  go ahead and watch it and tell me how many scenes could've been edited ,  even without being a film major .   regardless of the overstayed visit ,  the movie was below mediocre .  it spent all of its time trying to be this huge mystery on which of the  " elite 10 "  is killing off the remaining friends .  for the most part ,  they not only over-do it ,  but they zoom in on a face and pretty much say  " it's this guy !  no !  it's this gal !  "  you'll spend more time with the camera misleading you than actually enjoying the movie .  and don't get me started on the acting .   okay ,  that got me started .  i had to laugh in the beginning trying to remember if melissa sue anderson played the character that went blind on little house on the prairie  ( later ,  research proved my suspicions correct )  because all the way through this movie ,  she genuinely looked blind .  strange ,  as an established actress ,  she should've been the best of the group ,  but turned out the worst .  the rest of the staff ,  aside from ann  ( bregman )  was pretty damn bad ,  too ,  but she ,  uh ,  took the cake .   the movie begins with a group of ten friends ,  and one's immediately killed off .  barely anyone thinks twice of this  " dear "  friend's disappearance ,  so they continue on their merry way .  slowly ,  then more rapidly ,  there are revelations about virginia's  ( anderson )  ,  the main character ,  past and her psychologist ,  who's a tad bit more personal  ( and on call 24/7 ,  apparently )  than most shrinks .  all the while ,  more and more deaths occur .   what's funny is ,  just as the first  " disappearance ,  "  the more  " best buds "  vanish ,  the less the rest care .  sure ,  they give a few seconds of air time to say  " wow ,   ( that person )  just wouldn't run off "  etc ,  but then they're back to their sexual ways .  and speaking of which ,  it's probably due to the horrid script ,  or maybe it was i who was losing interest at minute 30 ,  but it was really hard to keep up with who liked who of the group as they all seemed to be sexual partners of the next or someone would either be freaked out to the max by another and best friends the next scene .  see :  the creepy guy that kept a mouse/rat in his pocket  literally  and was the most obvious suspect .  i'm giving the film too much credit  ( and time ,  )  but how he became part of the  " elite 10 "  i'll never know .   but ,  i digress ,  there's a mystery here .  why are these kids targets ?  why is virginia thinking she's killed someone ,  when it was never proved  ( 'till the end )  that any of them actually has been slaughtered ?  and why would the trailer and poster claim these killings to be  " six of the most bizarre murders you will ever see "  ?  hell ,  even for 1981 ,  most of these had been shown in any of the first two friday the 13th films  coincidentally enough ,  friday the 13th part 2 was released 2 weeks to the day of happy birthday to me .  perhaps ,  they're speaking of when they filmed it months prior ,  but were late to the ,  well ,  party .   when the  " secrets "  are revealed ,  trust me ,  you'll have to rewind 3-4x to actually get the laughable and incoherent motives ,  and even then ,  put the subtitles on to get all the mumbling victim/killer's words .  even if you get the first time ,  it's an unbelievably outrageous and hilarious finale .  it's almost worth watching the whole movie again ,  but as a drinking game .   this birthday gathering should be avoided .  it's a horrible and illogical first draft script  please ,  please know it takes multiple rewrites before the cameras role ,  it contains either way under acting or extreme over acting and it's 100% unrealistic on how people react in extraordinary circumstances .   side note :  when i was a kid ,  or say 10-11 years old ,  i loved horror films .   ( still do ,  oddly .  definite guilty pleasures ,  but they are getting harder and harder to watch as years pass .  )  we got our first vcr ,  and i taped as many horror films off network  ( or ,  edited versions )  tv .  all i remember of happy birthday to me is getting the last 10 minutes on tape ,  which scared me to death  and obviously gave away the big mystery on who the killer was .  even though i have seen other clips of this movie ,  i think this is the first full-length viewing i've had .  thankfully ,  this awful movie didn't wound me as a child .  i am older now ,  and i can take this trash .  but never again .   side note 2 :  that said ,  that crazy  " happy birthday to me "  song played in the end credits  ( and as a score throughout )  still creeps me out tremendously .  i guess ,  this movie  ( or last few minutes ,  )  did have an influence on my childhood .  shame on you ,  melissa sue anderson ! 
i read this thornton wilder play last year in eighth grade .  i was also forced to sit through this weak translation of it on screen .  let me tell you ,  it's not a terrific play ,  it is easily surpassed ,  but man it deserves a much better shot .  the acting was really lacking ,  the scenery-honest to god-looked like it was designed out of cardboard by a group of three-year-olds .  as if it couldn't get worse ,  the sound quality is lousy .  .  . there is this mind-numbing 'buzz' whenever an actor speaks .  .  . and i also couldn't help but notice that the chemistry between george and emily ,  well ,  is non-existant .  the actors all seem very uncomfortable to be there .  there is no music .  it is in black and white ,  which would be ok but it brings out the cheesiness of it all the more .  in any case i think that if you're going to make a point of seeing this movie ,  which i don't really reccomend ,  then don't aim your hopes to high .  the play ,  as stalwart as it is ,  is probably better . 
this is the version that even the author hated ,  because it's so schmaltzy .  they gave it a 'happy ending' and changed a lot of the dialogue ,  and it's just a big pile of saccharine .  the 'stage manager' is quite good ,  i believe he originated the role ,  but everyone else falls into that acting style of the 40's that is really just posing .  the one great feature- the music .  this has one of the best scores ever recorded ,  and it's worth seeking out in a record shop .  overall i think the 1989 spalding grey/ eric stoltz/ penelope miller version is far superior . 
welcome to our town ,  welcome to your town ?  as we are introduced into the worlds of its townsfolk of 1901 america ,  this three act play is opened before us with the help of  " the stage manager "  ,  a visual narrator if you like .  after his initial introductions ,  we are lead into the homes of two particular families ;  the webb's and the gibb's .   this is most definitely middle america at the turn of the century ,  and the progressive way of life of the american dream and its saccharine overtones that can seem a little biased in this dream town .  here we see the everyday lives of some of its 2642 populace of grover's corners ,  new hampshire ,  even if there are ,  too ,  the migrant polish workers that add another 500 to is numbers ,  they ,  never get a look-in .   once the daily lives of these families have been introduced ;  wives cooking ,  children home-working ,  fathers working ,  kids falling in love and the clean picket-fences painted white ,  the second act is started three years later ,  after young george  ( a young and unrecognisable william holden ,  then aged 22 )  and emily have fallen in love and intend to marry .  blossoming lovebirds reaching for the stars and reaching ,  too ,  a turning point in their own lives ,  from the nest they lived and now ,  into the anxieties and woes of young adulthood they nervously step .  the third act is slightly more sour and foreboding ,  it is in this act that the movies intentions become apparent ,  here we see not life ,  not celebration but death ,  and it is in this predicament that the dead ,  as they return to revisit and reconcile their own life past ,  are here to remind us ,  to tell us ,  that life ,  and every last minute ,  every precious breath is not to be wasted and squandered .   it is in this last third that the movies own political stance also seems more apparent too ,  feeling more of a propaganda stunt on the moral lecturing on ,  and by ,  middle america and how it should direct its home and how it should also put it in order .  this isn't just about  " our "  town ,  this is moral diction aimed at  " our "  souls and how america can better itself if its peoples' ,   ( excluding the poles ,  the irish ,  the native american and the freed ethnic minorities' ,  and minorities' in general ,  plus the supporting backbone of the americana's who ,  still ,  have not had a fair part in this narrative )  ,  such as the middle classes ,  can live up to the expectations of the american dream through honest ,  decent living .  the purveyors of the american dream with special invitation only .   i was entertained ,  slightly ,  by this movie too ,  but i felt that its narrative held a stronger impact than anything else that took part in it albeit the bland acting ,  the musical score or how well ,  or not ,  it was made .  this was the movies intention to exclude other groups ,  and to only include the likes of the webb's and the gibb's ,  in the future of the developing country of the usa ,  a good movie ,  but also a slightly biased in its stance ,  i thought .   taken from the play by us' born thornton wilder  ( 1897 - 1975 )  this pulitzer prize winning play ,  and six academy award nominated movie ,  was the focal point on the perpetual motion of life and its three main attributes ;  life ,  love and death ,  the plays translation onto celluloid comes across as a slightly to the right blurb of social consciousness .  our town starts off with what seems a lesson in pointlessness ,  like other towns ,  nothing too exciting ever happens here ,  if anything at all ,  this town only has the  " right sort of people "  ,  you can still leave your back-door unlocked here ,  we are seeing the developing lives of these two families ,  but it is their moral and social stance that is more important than them themselves .  our town may just have been  " any town "  ,  just as long as you came from the right part of town that is . 
 " fever pitch "  isn't a bad film ;  it's a terrible film .   is it possible american movie audiences and critics are so numbed and lobotomized by the excrement that hollywood churns out that they'll praise to the skies even a mediocre film with barely any laughs ?  that's the only reason i can think of why this horrible romantic comedy  ( and i use that term loosely because there's nothing funny in this film )  is getting good reviews .   i sat through this film stunned that screenwriters lowell ganz and babaloo mandel would even for an instant think their script was funny .   the brilliant nick hornby usually translates well to film .  he adapted  " fever pitch "  for a british film starring colin firth and ruth gemmell in 1997 ;  peter hedges found hornby's voice for  " about a boy "   ( 2002 )  and when  " high fidelity "  was americanized for a movie in 2000 ,  writers d . v .  devincentis ,  steve pink ,  john cusack and scott rosenberg didn't go wrong because they kept the essence of hornby's wit and humor .  they made one of the best films of that year .   so why does the american version of  " fever pitch "  go so painfully awry ?  the british version wasn't a masterpiece ,  but it was charming ,  funny ,  unexpected and gave us two characters we could like ,  respect and understand .   but ganz and mandel have excised everything funny in hornby's work .  in americanizing the story ,  they've butchered it ,  removing all that was good and unique about hornby's work and replacing it with conventional drivel .   they've transformed a funny story into a formulaic romantic comedy ,  never once veering from the wretched formula .  lindsey  ( drew barrymore )  has three girlfriends ,  each of whom has a distinct function .  one's overweight ,  the second's cynical and ambitious ,  and the third's a romantic .  want to guess how many male friends ben  ( jimmy fallon )  has ?   what made  " high fidelity "  such fun was not only a good leading man and lady ,  but engaging supporting characters .  in this  " fever pitch ,  "  the six supporting friends do or say nothing especially funny .  they're so insignificant ,  they're not even decorative .  the only reason they're in the film is because the formula demands it .  poor ione skye winds up as one lindsey's pals in a thankless role .  the lovely skye must have been wishing lloyd dobler would swoop in and take her away .  come to think of it ,  cusack would've made an excellent ben .  of course ,  cusack is too smart to attach himself to such an utterly tedious script .   there isn't a single ,  solitary moment in this film that seems original or unforced .  every plot turn is predictable ,  every lame joke telegraphed .  ganz and mandel labor for laughs .  the first 45 minutes are so excruciatingly slow ,  you wonder if these chaps realized they were writing a comedy .  you can mark the plot turns in this film by your watch .  it's almost as if ganz and mandel penned this with some screen writing guru's formula pasted on the wall .  when they got to a certain page ,  they looked up at the formula and said ,   " ok ,  the guru says this has to happen now .  "  and ,  presto !   directors bobby and peter farrelly don't help the film any .  they have no concept how to introduce their story and characters  ( they hand over the v . o .  narration not to the protagonist ,  but to another guy who sits behind ben at fenway park )  .  thanks to some extremely clunky writing ,  we have to watch barrymore and fallon stumble through their unfunny initial meetings .   barrymore does cute and adorable better than most .  she's as good at it as goldie hawn in her heyday .  but even her cuteness can't save this extraordinarily awful film .  she tries hard to wring some energy and humor out of this story .  about 30 minutes into the film ,  lindsey tells ben ,   " you're funny .  "  the only explanation for her remark is that it was in the script .  for fallon's ben never says anything even remotely funny .  fallon is neither witty nor funny ;  when he does comedy ,  he overacts .   fallon was never any good on  " saturday night live .  "  he was quite possibly the least funny person on that show .  remember that lame sketch about a radio dj who did all the voices ?  the only reason  " weekend update "  worked occasionally was because fallon's cohort ,  tina fey ,  knows a thing or two about comedy .   actors who think they're funny and behave that way rarely ,  if ever ,  are actually funny .  that's true of fallon .  he thinks he's hysterically funny when he barely raises a chuckle .  his stuttering ,  unsure-of-himself shtick didn't work on the small screen ;  it's lousier on the big screen .   unfortunately for fallon ,  his role in this picture also requires a few dramatic moments .  if you thought his comedy was bad ,  wait till you get a load of his dramatic stuff .  two scenes in particular - the first in a park ,  the second in front of ben's school - are painful to watch .  the scenes require an actor with a smidgen of dramatic ability ,  but fallon has neither the knowledge nor the ability to make them work .  his range of emotions doesn't even run the gamut from a to b .   ben has no personality or depth .  often ,  he comes across as an oaf .  and not a lovable one at that .  it boggles the mind what lindsey would find attractive about him .  compare fallon's performance to firth's in the british version ,  and you'll understand how terribly flat ,  unfunny and forced fallon's ben is and how wrong he is for this role .  watching fallon in  " fever pitch "  makes one long for the dramatic depth and comedic nuance of ashton kutcher !   just as  " high fidelity "  did ,  an americanized  " fever pitch "  could've worked brilliantly .  it just needed better writers ,  more competent directors and ,  most definitely ,  a stronger ,  funnier ,  smarter leading man .  do yourself a huge favor :  avoid this rotten film ;  rent the 1997 british version and read hornby's book ,  instead . 
just too many incidents of violence .   the film goes from one scene to another ,  and in nearly every one violence erupts .   now i am not one who is shocked by violence ,  and to me a film without a fight in it has something missing .  but ,  please ,  not one after another .  my reaction was not shock or horror ,  it was :   " here we go again .  "  there is some semblance of a story in between the scenes of violence ,  but two thirds of the way through the film i had switched off completely ,  and couldn't wait for the end .   if this is the best the film makers can do ,  they should find something else to do with their miserable lives ,  like making shoes or delivering mail . 
when this was released ,  i thought this was one of the most profane films ever made .  however ,  thanks to martin scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him ,  there have been mainline films worse ,  language-wise ,  than this .  .  .  . but this is a pretty brutal assault on one's ears .  hey ,  i can take a lot of it ,  but this got ridiculous .  in the first six minutes alone ,  i heard a half-dozen usage's of the lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words .  i wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990 ?  i couldn't have been the only one .   not surprisingly ,  some of the feature actors included jennifer jason-leigh ,  burt young ,  jerry orbach and rikki lake .  since this film ,  stephen lang seems to have improved his image ,  at least playing the godly  " stonewall "  jackson in  " gods and generals .  "  lang's role here is just the opposite :  perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film .   depressing ,  gloomy ,  semi-pornographic ,  repulsive :  these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some liberal critics - in describing this story ,  which is painted even worse in the novel .  of course ,  some of the better-known critics ,  all extreme libs ,  praised the movie .  however ,  they were the only ones .  most critics were disgusted ,  as well almost all of the paying public .  it's unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this .   trust me on this :  there are no good ,  likable characters in this entire movie .  this is a mean ,  sick film :  one of the worst of the  " modern era .  "  that is ,  unless you enjoy seeing child abuse ,  drug abuse ,  teen prostitutes ,  on and on - two straight hours of nothing but atrocities and just plain evil people .  no thanks . 
hubert selby jr .  gave us the book  " requiem for a dream "  and co-wrote the screenplay to aronofsky's movie of it .  that movie succeeded on every level by delivering an intimate ,  and unbiased portrait of the horrors of the characters lives and the vices that destroyed them .   " last exit to brooklyn "  still has the vice and the multiple characters living sad lives ,  but it hardly does them the same justice aronofsky did .   the film seems laughably anti-gay at times .  especially when in the film homosexuality equals death .  one gay character gets stoned ,  is launched skyward by a speeding car ,  and lands dead on the pavement .  another is crucified and still more are simply beat up .  another exaggerated piece of shock value ,  that might actually have been compelling if it were done well ,  are scenes of the union workers literally doing battle with the strike-breakers .  who'd have thought a drama about brooklyners would feature action sequences and truck explosions ?   the director ,  uli edel has a skill level like that of a tv director ,  but he is far below the cut for real movies .  the film is clunky that can't even seem to settle on a genre .  lake is given a useless role that any mannequin could have filled and baldwin only seems to know how to look stupid in his equally meager part .  and then comes jennifer jason leigh as our lead ,  a loathsome hooker named tralala  ( believe it or not ,  i'm not joking )  .  her performance is nothing great and the fate of her character is dirty to say the least .  poor use of color and composition make it look cheaper than it is ,  and also takes the  " real "  edge off the more provocative bits .  a failure . 
fine performances and art direction do not a good movie make .  this movie is so grim and depressing ,  i could feel absolutely no joy at the  " happy "  ending involving the union strike .  the attempts at humor involving lake's pregnancy are absolutely disastrous ,  and any movie involving a baldwin brother already has a strike against it .  on a positive note ,  lang is still one of america's great underrated actors ,  he alone almost makes this worth keeping in the vcr .  i give this a 4 . 
i don't know much about film-making ,  but good movies have to tell some sort of a story .  .  . your characters have to start and complete their journey .  in last exit to brooklyn they may ,  but its not in any satisfying way ,  and i'm not meaning a happy ending ,  just any ending .   last exit to brooklyn ,  set in 1952 brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike ,  sets a number of story threads in motion .  most involve some of the most unlikeable characters to ever walk across a movie screen .  but last exit to brooklyn fails to bring these stories to any conclusion .  .  . it leaves some of them dangling with no ending ,  or blasts off into some bizarre stratosphere for an  " artistic "  ending .   two cases in point ,  and they contain spoilers .   a sad transvestite character  ( an important character in the film )  ,  is struck by a car and killed .  and that's it for him in the movie .  .  .  . he's gone for good ,  erased from everyone's memory .  . no reactions from his friends ,  enemies ,  lovers .  .  .  . nothing .   in another thread the stupid ,  clueless ,  and secretly gay strike leader ,  having been rejected by labor ,  his gay lover ,  and found out by the neighborhood thugs ,  gets stomped by the thugs .  the closing scene to the beating shows the streets of brooklyn ,  and the streetlights are very ,  very similar to those of nazi death camps .  .  . and the scene drags on and on and on .  .  . and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader ,  and he's been crucified .  .  .  .  . ppppuuuulllleeeeeez .  and of course that's it for him too .  .  .  . brain erasure .  .  .  .  . gone .   bottom line .  .  .  . no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film .  .  .  . this movie is a depressing piece of sludge .  avoid it .  and if you don't be forewarned ,  it really deserves an nc-17 rating for massive amounts of physical ,  emotional and sexual brutality .  .  . don't even let the teenagers watch . 
i was drawn to this movie ,  curious to see how they have adapted hubert shelby's brutal novel .  i thought that a literary piece of such depth ,  with a rich tapestry of characters ,  horrid situations ,  and social critique could not translate into a bad movie .  i was wrong .   this flick is a terrible movie experience ,  not for its content ,  but for its form .  director ulrich edel executes ,  in my sincere opinion ,  a terrible directorial job that does no justice to the original book .  no wonder edel is a tv director ;  this movie looks and feels like a bad  " made for tv "  flick .  some of my views on this bomb  ( **spoilers ahead** )  :   - lack of directorial creativity .  the scenes are slow ,  feel slow ,  look poorly shot ,  and barely ever move from an anchored position .  the only liberty they take is in the cinematography area ,  with a nice dark tone .  other than that ,  the movie has the same technical creativity as a tv soap-opera .   - all the actors do a terrific job at portraying these miserable characters .  the problem is that the adaptation does not tackle a basic element in the development of the plot :  motivation .  all these characters move around like robots ,  without a clear motivation for their action .  they seem to do things out of the blue ,  like robots ,  for no reason at all .  edel misses every opportunity to enrich character development by not exploring the character's motivations ,  and by avoiding developing each character's personality to its full extent .   this lack of character development is blatant on tralala .  jennifer jason leight does a great job playing this trashy prostitute ,  but her alcohol-induced decision to let the sailors violate her is not explained .  it looks extremely stupid ,  as we see this character doing this out of the blue .  this is a clear example of poor character development .   the movie also has many secondary ,  token characters that do nothing ,  feel nothing ,  and add nothing to the plot .  i would have liked to learn more about harry's wife ,  for instance ,  and the interaction between the two .  that's another missed opportunity .   edel only approaches character development with harry and his fixation with his gay lover ,  only to screw it up at the end ,  not clearly explaining -again- his motivations .  the thugs are also a joke in their lack of development .   - the soundtrack is one of the worst i've ever experienced .  terrible job by mark knopfler .  i seriously expected more from the former leader of dire straits ,  but his job in this movie is seriously lacking .  at times ,  like in the battle between the union workers and the police ,  the music seems totally disconnected from the movie .  it also feels completely poor and anachronic ;  i could swear the whole soundtrack was made with a casio toy keyboard .  it distracts from the actual action .   - the book adaptation by desmond nakano is so literal that eliminates the point of the story .  it feels as if they tried so hard to keep the action-by-action storyline in the book ,  that they forgot to actually develop the characters and ,  once again ,  explain their actions and motivations .   i seriously can not recommend this movie ,  not even to a shelby fan ,  because it can ruin the original book .  it's a very uninspired effort in adapting the novel ,  and shows very little creative input . 
i'm sure that operations dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day .  there's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied .  and if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood .   otherwise there ain't a whole lot that operations dames has going for it .  it's set in the korean war where a platoon of gis together with a british tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the un lines .  bad enough already ,  but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of uso girls and their choreographer in the same predicament .   you know what's sad about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the army and in combat situations .  these bimbos from the uso set women's liberation back light years .  in fact not even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants .   but that was probably the better to remind some what they were at the drive-in for .  this no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort .   operations dames is definitely a team flop . 
relentlessly stupid ,  no-budget  " war picture "  made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular eve meyer--not a bad idea in itself--but that should be an embarrassment to everyone connected with it .  laughable  " script "  ,  performances that wouldn't pass muster in an elementary-school christmas pageant ,  inept  " action "  scenes ,  confused direction by the normally competent documentary director louis clyde stoumen--who is apparently not quite sure if he's making a comedy ,  a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering t&a  ( by early 1960s standards ,  anyway )  travelogue of eve meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and incompetence .  worth seeing in order to watch eve meyer strut her stuff ,  but that's pretty much it . 
good lord ,  whoever made this turkey needs to be buried alive .  i'm sorry ,  but the other reviewer must not have seen this movie ,  he must be watching something else ,  or have never seen a movie before .  .  .  9 out of ten stars ?  he's saying what ,  this is as good as ben hur or gone with the wind ?  unintentionally funny ,  massively unbelievable characters ,  absurd situations ,  looks like it was shot in griffith park  ( which works out pretty well--mash was shot in griffith park )  ,  crappy script ,  just about everything that could possibly be wrong with a movie all rolled into one package .  should be required viewing for all prospective film makers as an example of how a movie could be horribly wrong .  it reminds me of something a usc student may make for a film class .    give this one a pass unless you do drugs and are into high camp . 
i don't think i'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie i've ever seen .  i've been working on a list of my favorite war movies :   " the longest day ,  "   " to hell and back ,  "   " bridge on the river kwai ,  "   ( all black and white )  which all have good plots ,  rich characters and great acting .  i've seen better dialog and acting in student-written high school one act plays .  the plot ,  however isn't a bad premise - just poorly implemented .  it's kind of like a traffic accident ,  though ,  i couldn't seem to turn it off !  a movie doesn't need big money or great sets i . e .   " twelve angry men "  and  " lifeboat "  to be good .  .  .  so budget is no excuse .  what were they thinking ? 
i watched this movie recently together with my sister who likes the performances of sophia loren .  i'm a person who they call a cultural barbarian .  i hate art in any kind of shape or form .  rambo is more my kind of movie ,  action ,  kills ,  blood ,  horror .  if you recognize yourself in this avoid this movie like the plague .  no one dies ,  no action ,  no nudity ,  nothing of the kind .  let me give you a résumé in a few sentences .  it starts out with 5 minutes in black and white nazi propaganda .  every italian in a housing block attends a parade in honor of hitler ,  except for a housewife ,  an anti fascist and a caretaker .  the housewife who is cheated by her husband ,  meets the anti fascist .  she falls in love with him ,  wants to make love to him ,  but the anti fascist is gay .  despite of this they make love with each other .  at the end of the day ,  the housewife reads a book from her gay lover ,  and the guy himself is deported by agents .  the end .  you want an even shorter résumé ?  boring .  .  .  that short enough ?  the guy should have used his gun in the beginning of this movie and shoot himself ,  to save the audience from this atrocity .  on a side note my sister loved this movie .  like i said ,  i'm a cultural barbarian .  .  . 
this film had such promise !  !  what a great idea ,  an underdog paintball team struggling for recognition and personal glory ,  only to lose it's speed due to bad dialoge ,  poor editing and a half-written story .  the characters in the beginning were interesting ,  only to lose steam half way through to become one dimensional people sputtering out tired one-liners .   maybe if they spent some more time on the story and dialoge it would have been a great movie ,  instead of a almost afterthought effort . 
not the worst movie i've seen but definitely not very good either .  i myself am a paintball player ,  used to play airball a lot and going from woods to airball is quite a large change .  the movie portrays similar qualitys first of all the movie starts off with this team that apparently is trying to shoot this  " phantom "  guy or whatever ,  they appear to be a professional team and wear jerseys and shoot mags ,  autocockers .  one guy sporting a bushy .  not much wrong with the movie but more how it's perceived it was very cheesy .  a bunch of kids who are the good guys are woodsball players who don't appear to have much money and have dreams of getting  " better guns "  .  another team constantly picks on them and insults them because they play woods and blah blah blah the phantom helps these woodsball kids out and trains them and all this crap ,  he gets them to play airball and basically defeats all the teams including the  " professionals "  .   so what exactly is wrong with the movie ?  well the budget is a huge thing ,  a paintball movie wouldn't be bad but the budget is pretty low and the movie feels like it was done by an amateur .  there are no big names in this film and the acting is very cheesy .  the perception of paintball is pretty bad too .  they seem to imply that everyone is going to speedball and all this other crap .  it just was a lousy movie in my opinion and doesn't give a real perception what paintball is .  to be honest real paintball isn't all buddy like ,  it's a lot of cussing and bonus balling not  " respect "  and playing by the rules .  don't watch this movie and then expect to go to a field screaming  " 4 is 1 !  !  " 
mind ,  my friends and i saw the movie based off it's title alone .  it's cute ,  though obvious in it's plot and direction-- you know where the movie is going within the first five minutes .  my main contention with the plot is that while it remains tolerably consistent ,  they never explain a lot of the things behind the characters .  an alcoholic father ,  overworked mother ,  stressed-out sister .  .  .  that's a bad family ,  but aside from the occasional mention from the sister ,  there's not any resolution .  i was also confused as to the scene with the bottles .  .  .  it seemed pretty random .   the writing is a secondary concern .  .  .  the kids weren't bad actors ,  but their script left a lot to be desired .  unfortunately ,  what could have been a cute niche movie was pushed aside for a single ,  blah special effect ,  lame scripting ,  and a glaringly obvious plot . 
this film ,  for an after school special ,  isn't that bad ,  and that's the problem .  nothing happens .  you feel as if you're still in class .  a guy teaches a bunch of young underdogs how to be good paint ball players .  we never get to see these underdogs doing badly as the good player is training them .  they all of the sudden turn into good players by meditating .  also there are too many characters and no character development .  too much time is spend on the main character and his sexy sister and not enough on some of the other kids .  this could have had a 'bad news bears' feel  ( the original )  since there was a girl on an all boys team ,  but there wasn't any feel to this movie at all .  it has no feeling and leaves a dull pain in your bones after watching it ,  is not fun to bag on ,  not fun to watch ,  and is just kind of .  .  .  there .  plain .  boring .  something you'd watch after school before your pre-evening nap .  as dull as the day is long and it's been a long ,  long day watching this movie . 
ok ,  i bought this film from woolworths for my friend for a joke present on his birthday ,  because the front cover had a sexual innuendo in it .   but we decided it to watch it anyway .  just for hilarity purposes .   and i'm sorry ,  but this has got to be ,  one of the worst films in history .   it began off alright ,  and we thought  " ok this might actually be ok "  .  but after about 10 minutes ,  we were sadly mistaken .   it began when the  " mysterious paint baller "  turned out to be the most obvious character ,  the scouser/australian  ( i say that because he had an accent which couldn't be identified )  ,  who's acting might i just say ,  was abysmal .   then it got to the end ,  and by that time ,  we had all lost the will to live .  the paint ball finals .   the only thing i did like about this plot is that they didn't actually win ,  but annoyingly enough they won by default .   and i know this has nothing to do with it ,  but the name the team were given was just awful .  critical damage .  i mean they could of picked a more awesome name ,  like  " the destroyers of the anti-christ "  or something .  or that's what the film should of been called anyway . 
 .  .  .  but the trouble of this production is that it's very far from a good musical .   granted ,  one can't always expect the witty masters like sondheim or bernstein or porter ;  yet the music of this piece makes even andrew lloyd webber look witty .  it's deadly dull and uninventive  ( with one or two exceptions )  and just after i watched it i couldn't recall a single significant melody - which is rather tragic coming from someone who learned the whole another hundred people from three listenings .   it is also strangely un-theatrical .  it takes place on an incredibly large stage  ( one really has to feel sorry for those people in front rows who broke their necks in order to see something happening 50 meters on the right or 100 meters on the left )  and does absolutely nothing with it .  when there's supposed to be one person singing on-stage ,  that's just what you get - and the rest of the enormeous stage is empty .  for me as an aspiring theatre director it was almost painful to watch .   the fact remains ,  cole porter seems to have captured the french culture in his works better than these no-talents can ever come close to .  and i'm puzzled by the popularity of this would-be-legendary musical . 
not that i dislike childrens movies ,  but this was a tearjerker with few redeeming qualities .  m . j .  fox was the perfect voice for stuart and the rest of the talent was wasted .  hugh laurie can be amazingly funny ,  but is not given the chance in this movie .  it´s sugar-coated sugar and would hardly appeal to anyone over 7 years of age .  see toy story ,  monsters inc .  or shrek instead .  3/10
they should have called this movie :   " adopted mouse brother that is slightly inspired by someone's vague recollection of stuart little who just kind of skimmed the book a little ,  but mostly just remembered the cover "  if it wasn't so misleading i'd give it a better review .   but seriously people ,  do your kids a favor and have them read the book .  they might actually learn something instead of having their mind numbed by what we all know as hollywood film .   the book stuart little isn't about a mouse ,  it's about a person who happens to be very small and mouse-like .  he's born to his parents ,  not adopted .  the book is about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embarks on .  there is a cat named snowball who thinks he's food and wants to eat him ,  but snowball can't talk .    in the movie they screw all of that up .  i think the only things that they kept from the book were the boat race and the names . 
at least the under ten year old set will stay interested .  eleanor ( geena davis ) and fred ( hugh laurie ) little ,  a nice well-to-do couple set out to bring home from the orphanage a new little brother for their son george ( johnathan lipnicki )  .  they come home with quite the odd new sibling .  .  . a sharp dressed little mouse named stuart ( voiced by michael j .  fox )  .  yes ,  mouse .  stuart is happy to have found the sense of belonging even if it is in a super sized world that contains his new family's pet cat snowbell ( voiced by nathan lane )  .  stuart embarks on the experience of family loyalty and overall friendship .  george will finally accept his tiny new brother when the dapper dressed stuart saves embarrassment at a model boat race .   also in the cast :  julia sweeney ,  harold gould ,  estelle getty and jeffery jones .  and the voices of :  chaz palminteri ,  bruno kirby and jennifer tilly . 
basically this is about a couple who want to adopt a second child .  at the adoption agency they meet a mouse  ( stuart )  and they decide to adopt him .  if you think that this is stupid ,  hold it ,  because it's getting worse .   stuart arrives to his new home ,  where he is treated like a human child .   ( spare me !  )  the rest is pretty much the usual cliché ,  about family problems ,  jealousy from the elder  " brother "  ,  and at the end all issues are resolved and they are all a  " happy family "  .  boring and worn out as this is ,  it is also shown in the most blunt and unsophisticated way .   i don't know if the director believed that he was being creative by introducing a mouse to the cliché ,  or he was just trying to fill in minutes ,  but he only upgraded the cliché from boring to abhorrent .   then why i gave a 3 and not a zero ?  because of the family cat ,  who loves stuart as much as the  " brother "  .  and because of some funny gigs ,  where stuart makes good use of his small size .   on the overall i believe that the film would work reasonably well if :  a .  stuart was a pet and not a  " sibling "  .  b .  it had kept to the funny gigs ,  like stuart trying to outwit the cat ,  and had left out boring clichés which don't even match with anything else . 
it should first be said that i have read the manga and therefore my argument is based on the differences .   this anime greatly disappointed me because it removed the comedy and high quality action of the manga and ova .  what it left behind was merely a husk of what it could have been .  many of the characters lacked the depth that is seen in the manga .  alucard is not the sympathetic character that secretly wishes for death .  walter's story lacks the betrayal .  and the nazi villains that plot to engulf the world in war are completely absent .  instead ,  the anime provides the gary stu villain incognito who is defeated against what appear to be all odds .   my primary complaint is not that the anime diverges from the manga ,  but that it does such a poor job . 
mighty morphin power rangers has got to be the worst television show ever made .  there is no plot ,  just a bunch of silly costumed kids using martial arts while dressed up in second class spandex outfits .   the special effects look like they are from the '70's ,  the costumes look like something out of a bad comedy ,  and the show is just plain awful .   the only thing worse than the television show are the toys ,  just second rate plastic garbage fed to our kids .   there are far better shows for your kids to watch !   try giving your kids something like nickelodean ,  those shows actually have some intelligence behind them ,  unlike power rangers . 
i really do not have any clue as to why some people find the power rangers television show even remotely interesting at all .  the costumes are completely ridiculous and the people playing in them also look completely foolish at the same time .  there is absolutely anything remotely interesting about the power rangers .  this is just a higher priced television commercial designed to sell extremely cheesy plastic garbage to the unsuspecting children around the world .  from the notes ,  i can see that it's been banned in the country of new zealand and from what i have seen ,  i can agree with their decision .  avoid this show at all costs ,  it's terrible and ridiculous . 
anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics .  everyone says star wars and star trek are the best science fiction films to begin at ,  which is fine but the truth is the terminator and this movie ,  soylent green ,  are far better choices than those series .  soylent is probably science fiction 's best kept secret .  it remains one of the biggest ,  yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day .  charlton heston overdramatizes his role ,  yet it works .  edward g .  robinson ,  in his final role ,  makes the most out of it in soylent green more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching .   it is manhattan in 2022 ,  the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune  ( a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150 )  .  a big executive for the soylent company is murdered and police detective thorn is on the case .   the secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie .  soylent is enjoyable to watch ,  but the whole screenplay is a joke .  it is just as cheap as the entire production .  the screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie ,  yet were completely hilarious .  everyone seems to be a moron and no one knows the rules ,  specifically cop thorn who likes to just waltz into people 's apartments ,  peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants .  the character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie ,  but still you realize that soylent green sucks .  an enjoyable piece if you have the time ,  but do not expect anything more . 
come on ,  what is the deal with this show ,  power rangers anyways ?  i always felt that the show ,  which was originally brought over from japan in a better form ,  took what was great in japan ,  and turned into one of the most ridiculous and pointless excuses in toy merchandising history !  there is absolutely no point with this show whatsoever .   the bad haircuts ,  bad costumes ,  earrings ,  etc ,  all show what was ridiculous back in the 1990s from the two idiots ,  bulk and skull ,  to the  " duhs "  ,  of the main cast ,  jason ,  trini ,  tommy ,  kimberly ,  billy and zack ,  i just want to say one thing :  give me a break !   saban brought this from japan ,  and then disney bought the rights to this show around five years ago .   now the public has to endure reruns of this show on the disney channel and such .   all i can say once again is give me a break ! 
okay ,  i seriously can't think of anything worse than the pr series .  there are many bad things in life .  .  . traitors ,  liars ,  etc .  but seriously ,  power rangers has got to be at the bottom of this list .  can you think of anything more stupid than five-six teenagers  ( who don't even act like a normal teen )  dancing around in identical suits with different colors so that you can tell them apart ?  fans ,  have you ever come across a real person who gets flung against a mental wall and gets up almost immediately and continues to fight without getting injured ?  power rangers are for five-year old boys ,  and believe me ,  i never liked this show even when i was five .   i guess you can say dino thunder is an exception .  the teens actually act like teens ,  and tommy oliver actually acts like a mentor ,  or no ,  a teacher .  it's got teen-humor ,  though the fighting is lame ,  i don't hate dino thunder .   many people say power rangers are crap ,  but i wouldn't .  it would be an insult to crap .  so face it ,  five year old boys ,  power rangers is rubbish . 
nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics  ( people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days )  ,  and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly good ,  this one is just pure crap .  i watched this show a lot back in those days since it got a lot of reruns on tv back then ,  and even as a child i didn't like it .  even a 8-year old can see how much the people in power rangers are overacting ,  and how much the special-fx sucked even back then .  when the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes ,  it plagues the viewer with this unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then .  i don't know about you ,  but i didn't give a rats ass about any of that at all ,  and its basically filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very cliché alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot .  you never feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show ,  and the fact that most of the actors act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the lack of feeling .   there is really nothing memorable about this show ,  and its pretty surprising that it got so many spin-offs  ( beetleborgs is a good example )  .  all it is is just a quick way to make some money though .  i challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because i couldn't find anything that is even slightly appealing to children .  my guess is that most 'fans' of power rangers will tell me that i  " just don't get it "  anyway ,  or something along that line .  i really don't care though ;  this was crap back then and it still crap now . 
15 years ago ,  power rangers was one of the shows that swept the nations ,  especially that of the youth .  when i was a 3-year-old kid living in the philippines ,  i would watch this show every friday on abs-cbn  ( channel 2 over there )  .  when the movie came out in 1995 ,  it was all shock and awe to me when i watched it with my dad and 2 uncles .  my grandparents even sent me a  " balikbayan "  box full of power rangers stuff  ( including the easy-to-build megazord figure and the stuffed toys of the rangers )  .  i even played the video games ,  and loved only one of them  (  " mmpr :  fighting edition "  )  ,  which was really sad .  anyway ,  it was the show that set a stepping stone on my interest on robot series  ( especially anime mech series like  " gundam "  )  now that i'm 18 ,  i'd like to think this show is pretty cheesy to me now .  to prove this ,  i took a trip down memory lane by buying a 2-set dvd collection with  " mmpr :  the movie "  and  " turbo :  a power rangers movie "  and watched both of them .  i was like ,   " ugh .  how awful .  just another junk in the attic for me .  "  for all of you people of my generation ,  this is not a show that you'd want to watch over and over again .  i'm not saying to leave it behind for the rest of your life ,  but occasionally is not a bad thing now ,  is it ?  instead of  " power rangers "  ,  i'd recommend something like  " mobile fighter g gundam "   ( highly recommended )  ,   " ninja senshi tobikage "   ( aka ninja robots )  ,  or even the original sentai shows that were the basis of  " power rangers .  " 
power rangers ,  the completely awful kid's show from the 1990s still continues to disturb young children with it's complete cheesiness ,  and awful settings .   this show was not entertainment ,  it was an excuse to teach children violence in showing kids how to fight one another in order to solve their differences .   the toys were further demonstration in how to promote a violent television show and such .   i have never been able to figure out what the purpose of this completely ridiculous show ever was .   as such ,  it remains one of the worst kids shows ever made . 
mighty morphin power rangers came out in 1993 ,  supposedly based on the japanese sentai television show that started back in the 1970s .  now as a fan of japanese action films and series ,  you would think i would get a kick out of this show .   you could not be more wrong .  what worked in the japanese version has become a complete abomination of television with mighty morphin power rangers .   mmpr is based on five teenagers who get powers to becomes costumed superheroes with robotic dinosaurs who form an even bigger robot .   now this premise is more far fetched and more laughable than anything in either transformers movie ,  yet ,  the ridiculousness of this show is often overlooked .   it was followed by two really bad ,  and i do mean ,  really bad movie knock offs ,  and the actors starring in this series ,  completely disappeared from the scene .   if you must choose ,  try watching japan's zyuranger series instead .   also ,  what's up with the awful long 1990s haircuts and all the earrings on the guys ?  it makes them all look feminine ! 
i remember this show being on the television when i was a kid back in the early 1990s ,  and there was this rage about kids with goofy leotards doing kung fu on one another and riding around in plastic dinosaurs .  it was called power rangers .  i remember that little kids would go around hitting each other and then the shirts and the stuff from the show was banned in many school districts all over the country because this show taught kids how to fight each other in solving their differences .   i never really thought of this as a show ,  especially when better shows like the tick were playing on fox kids .  most older teens always looked at power rangers in a ridiculous and scornful manner ,  and it's not hard to wonder why .  the footage is ridiculous at best .  the colored rangers costumes look like stuff you would work out in and the dinosaurs look like plastic nonsense .  then you get into the acting ,  and of course those really laughable haircuts .  all the guys run around with earrings on ,  half of them are wearing 90's mullets ,  and they always wear the same clothes everyday ,  and then change into leotard wearing power rangers .   the toys are especially ridiculous as well ,  and was the joke of many late night talk show hosts .  and of course two of the worst movies ever made ,  and i do mean two of the worst movies ever made were based on this show with nearly every critic trashing both the films ,  and the shows it was based on .   power rangers is nothing more than a bad television commericial for especially bad toy merchandising .  as an adult ,  i don't look at it fondly ,  but rather as another embarrassment of 1990s kids shows ,  fashion and guys' earrings . 
many people here say that this show is for kids only .  hm ,  when i was a kid  ( approximately 7-9 years old )  i watched this show first .  it was disgusting for me .  i talked with other kids about this and ,  sure ,  other shows and know what ?  this was the measure of disguise ,  whenever we wanted to emphasize something's silliness  ( either on tv or anything else )  we said  " uh ,  just like power rangers "  and laughed .    and before visiting this site i could not imagine that there actually are fans of mmpr .  it was so strange for me that i decided to watch it again and try to understand why people like it .  i did not enjoy that viewing .  but it dawned upon me :  maybe i have not enough imagination ?  it may be .  however this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star . 
the power rangers is definitely the worst television show and completely ridiculous plastic toy line in the history of the united states .   there is absolutely nothing even remotely entertaining about this completely awful television show .   this is simply the worst show ever made ,  with awful actors ,  dressing up in multi colored spandex outfits that look completely ridiculous .   the owners of this show should be ashamed of themselves ,  since there is no redeeming value to this nonsense .   kids of today should try watching better shows like the toy story movies instead of this garbage . 
power rangers ,  the moronic merchandising television kids show from the 1990s ,  has got to be the most pointless and ridiculous television show ever created .   what exactly is the point of this show anyway ,  other than to sell second rate plastic nonsense to children ?  there is nothing even remotely redeeming or interesting about this show in anyway .   look at the costumes ,  which look like spandex gone bad .   the mullet style hair ,  earrings ,  and fashions of the early 1990s look completely ridiculous these days .   avoid this show at all costs ! 
my first full heston movie .  the movie that everyone already knows the ending to .  a  " sci fi thriller "  .  the campy factor .  everything that goes with this movie was injected in my head when i rented it ,  and on the morning that i watched it ,  it was the perfect movie to watch in the mood that i was in  ( not wanting to move .  put in player ,  hide in blankets )  .  and though i tried to understand what was happening to lead to the ending that will be eternally ruined by pop culture ,  it just really didn't make it .  everything was all over the place ,  relationships had no backbone ,  the ending had no lead in .  everything was just kind of there in some freakish way and the watcher has no choice but to leave partially dumbfounded at the ending that it gets to ,  because even though we all know that it's people ,  it's quick answers as to why it's people makes any serious attempt at enjoying the movie for anything other than the silliness thrown out the window . 
i never quite understood the popularity of saban's power rangers show which was quite simply a second rate americanized version of japan's ultra popular super sentai series of the past three decades !  what was cool about the japanese version gets completely lost in the american version ,  characterization ,  special effects ,  etc .   of course many kids will say that power rangers are the greatest but they would be incorrect .   i'm sure if they spoke japanese ,  they would learn how much better super sentai is over the american version .   power rangers is completely awful ,  try super sentai instead !  looking for a better show ,  try voltron the third dimension instead ! 
i cannot for the life of me explain what the popularity of the children's television show ,  power rangers is all about .   i never understood why unsuspecting children liked this show in the first place ,  since the characters seem so idiotic and not worth caring about whatsoever .   the costumes look completely atrocious ,  like multi colored spandex that people wear to go to the gym .   what exactly is the purpose of this show anyways ,  but for kids to learn how to fight to solve their problems ?  what is up with the awful hair cuts ,  and clothing on this show anyway ?  not to mention this show is still playing on cable television ,  just to make money to teach kids how to fight each other when they disagree on a certain problem .   there's far better entertainment for today's children ,  hopefully they aren't as gullible as kids of the 1990s who watched this show .   oh ,  and what is up with the homo erotic tension between the red and green rangers anyway ? 
very rarely do i give less rave reviews on a show or film i dislike on imdb ,  but mighty morphin power rangers is just so painstakingly dreadful ,  it's terrible .   i wouldn't have minded if this had been an animated series- would've been better that way i guess ,  but as a live-action show ,  it typifies the terms 'cheesy' and 'campy' .  of which power rangers is .  five multi- coloured ,  spandex wearing teens battle evil by using their martial arts skills .  the costumes are horrid- they look like something that is reminiscent of what track and field athletes and female gymnasts would wear .  the acting is woeful ,  and the fight choreography is so shockingly bad and so lame to watch ,  it makes jean- claude van damme ,  look as equally as good as bruce lee ,  which is an understatement in itself .  in fact ,  they look as if they are jumping and dancing about ;  like it was some version of the 'nutcracker' ,  or they were doing ballet ,  rather than fighting .  besides ,  there are some cartoons that heavily feature martial arts and yet it is done in a fun-yet not so cheesy way that makes it look silly .   kids show or not ,  this is just so lame and on the verge of absurdity .  and even though this version is set in america ,  you could be forgiven into thinking that as you watch some of the fight sequences that they were not filmed in the us ,  but rather in japan ;  thus the somewhat 'fake' fighting and footage was borrowed from the japanese version-only to be juxtaposed onto the us version .   if you like this type of thing ,  then stick with sentai- the japanese equivalent . 
worst show i've ever seen .  the story is about a group of teenagers who ,  for some inexplicable reason ,  have super powers ,  and when they use some special device ,  they morph into strange ,  poorly designed suits .  the acting when they're not in the retarded-looking suits is decent .  definitely not good ,  but not the worst acting i've ever seen .  however ,  when wearing their suits ,  the actors' acting goes from bad to worse ;  much ,  much worse .  the hyper-animated idiots have a myriad of unnecessary motions they do .  even when they talk they look like they're having seizures .  the villains are stupider than the rangers .  every episode ,  some weak ,  idiotic villain comes up with some plan to destroy the rangers .  he/she then sends a force of hyper-animated aliens to attack the rangers .  the rangers then initialize their 10-hour transforming animation ,  then they annihilate the aliens .  then ,  the poorly designed villain ,  which can either be an armored villain that actually looks and acts evil ,  to a humanoid ladybug-like creature with trumpets attached to its back that shows obvious signs of mental retardation .  the power rangers fight the villain off ,  then the villain turns into godzilla ,  whether it be by a rain cloud or a nuclear missile  ( yes ,  they fire nukes at the creatures and the creatures turn into giants )  .  the power rangers spend 5 minutes acting hyper-animated and summon their zords which are obviously toys that the producers of the show used special effects on to make them look real .  the power rangers win ,  the villain gets mad ,  they all teach a  " valuable "  lesson ,  and the show ends .  that's it .  twenty-five minutes of brain-washing ,  fake kung fu fighting . 
some wonder why there weren't anymore mrs .  murphy movies after this one .  will it's because this movie totally blew snot .  disney was not the right studio to run this film .  maybe touchstone  ( well ,  they're owned by disney ,  but it'd be more adult )  .  the film is too kid-ish ,  as the book series is not .  the casting is all wrong for the characters .  the characters don't even act the way they do in the books .  and why was tucker changed to a guy ?  he's a girl in the frigging books !  was this done to make the film appeal to boys ?  sheesh .  and where was pewter ,  the gray cat ?  one of the funniest characters from the book is absent from this filth .  rita mae brown is a good writer ,  but letting disney blow her work was wrong .  an animated feature film ,  perhaps in the vane of don bluth's artwork would suit a better mrs .  murphy film .  overall ,  i give this a 2 ,  because at least disney made a film from an under-appreciated book series .  but ,  i wish they did better .  either way ,  i still have my books to entertain me . 
it's hard to criticize this movie ,  because i dislike the story itself ,  and no amount of good acting would have saved it .  think  " raising arizona "  with a mean streak .  the acting is passable ,  but jennifer tilly is way over the top  ( yet not enough to make this a nice camp film )  as usual ,  coming in somewhere between  " misery "  and a sarcastic dmv employee .  the rest of the cast have their brows perpetually knitted in consternation ,  either from the stress of their parts or the stress of the whole futile exercise .  a real degrading few hours of film .  darryl hannah spends most of the movie weeping too hard to be understood .  i wish i could tell you how it ended but i walked out ,  sorry . 
what can i say ?  ?  ?  this movie was so dumb & stupid i thought it was a psychotic drag comedy - they should rename it  " bitching pregnant cat fight !  "  what a stupid waste of time  ,  if you want to see ( die die !  !  !   " i want your baby drag queen )  jennifer tilly being her freaky self then just rent out one of the  " chucky "  movie ,  oh ya  ,   " the bride of chucky .  "  it's more fun watching the two ugly plastic dolls  ( one of them jennifer tilly turned into the ugly female version of chucky )  having squeaky plastic rubber sex then watching daryl hannah being pregnant  ,  dumb & stupid ;  & jennifer tilly grinding up her husbang in a food processor reminded me of my mother trying to do house work !  ok it's just bad !  !  ! 
not only was the plot of this film contrived with the ease in which the two psychos are able to kidnap a pregnant woman without breaking a sweat but it was a terrible rip-off of 'misery' .  however ,  the main reason i gave this film such a low rating was because it absolutely disgusted me .   i'm not someone easily shocked by what film-makers dish out and have always had a love for horror flicks but this film went too far purely in terms of violence and torture just for the sake of getting points in the shock factor .   i think most people ,  when watching just the first ten minutes of 'hide and seek' ,  will find themselves reaching for the remote . 
as a great admirer of marlene dietrich ,  i had to  ( finally )  watch this very ,  very dull picture .  it is miss dietrich's first color film ,  and the world's most beautiful blond is a redhead !  bad start .  the story is a tremendous bore ,  involving a subject which itself bores bores me stiff :  religious guilt .   ( who needs it ?  ?  ?  )  suffice it to say ,  perhaps ,  that of all dietrich's films  ( and i have seen most ,  including  " pittsburgh "  )  this is the only one where even her performance is barely worth watching .  the color photography is ok  ( this is a very early technicolor release )  ,  but to no purpose .  ridiculous casting :  c .  aubrey smith ,  basil rathbone  ( enough said ?  )  .  the only thing of any interest at all is john carradine's outlandish caricature of a performance as  " the sand diviner ,  "  who foretells all that will happen .  the supposed  " happy ending "  is one of the most depressing ever conceived .  yet another example of david o .  selznick's highly inflated reputation  ( did he ever make a really good film ?  -- other than that one ?  )  and ,  for one final annoyance ,  the soundtrack of the mgm dvd is a mess ,  with volume levels seemingly randomized .  highly unrecommended . 
 .  .  .  and i have seen some bad ones .   i have nothing good to say about this movie .  the acting is poor by jennifer tilly - as to be expected .  daryl hannah does an ok job ,  but nothing close to being able to save this movie .   the biggest flaw in this film is that the plot is so weak - though based on a good premise - that the writer resorted to the  " stupid heroine trick "  to create a contrived suspense .  when all daryl hannah would have to do is hide ,  she runs out in front of her pursuer .  the hospital scene is absurd .  without exposing too much of what passes for a plot ,  i think it would be difficult for a bloody petite woman to carry a pregnant from a hospital without being noticed .  lame .  very lame .   save yourself some time and pick out another flick . 
this is the kind of movie you regret you put in your vcr .  it is some weird bad rip off version of stephen kings movie  " misery  ( 1990 )  "  .  i cannot understand how this movie got a 5 . 2 score ,  because it has no story what so ever ,  and when the movie finally ended ,  i was relieved .   this movie should have been released as a short-movie instead .  .  to much time is spent on the same thing .  and as in every bad movie ,  everything happens just at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span .  .  .   so ,  before you decide to watch this movie ,  be sure to put some new batteries in your remote control ,  because you are going to do whole lot of fast-forwarding .  .  .  don't worry ,  you wont miss anything important . 
this movie starts presenting a somehow original idea but became a great frustration later on .  what is the deal of having an original start if the rest of the movie did little to avoid a clichéd plot ?  the movie itself is very unbelievable .  i would like to know how exactly someone enters a clinic ,  gets a nurse outfit ,  kills a doctor ,  takes out a patient in her bed ,  puts into his chevy pickup and leaves ?  i guess no one could answer this question ,  so they just jumped to the other scene hiding these little details .  the performances are just plain bad .  the villain is just another  " annoying crazy antagonist "  ,  no deepness ,  totally linear character .  after 20 minutes of film ,  most scenes are unbelievable ,  seemed like they were put there just for the sake of the 90 minutes since they were totally unneeded .  a doctor see a woman clearly under strong medication ,  is denied to examine her ,  gets kicked out of the house and simply leaves quiet ?  the ending scene made me burst into laugher ,  only mickey mouse could make it more out of reality .  i'm giving it 2 out of 10 for the first lets say 10 minutes of movie . 
this movie was like a bad train wreck ,  as horrible as it was ,  you still had to continue to watch .  my boyfriend and i rented it and wasted two hours of our day .  now don't get me wrong ,  the acting is good .  just the movie as a whole just enraged both of us .  there wasn't anything positive or good about this scenario .  after this movie ,  i had to go rent something else that was a little lighter .  jennifer tilly is as usual a very dramatic actress .  her character seems manic and not all there .  darryl hannah ,  though over played ,  she does a wonderful job playing out the situation she is in .  more than once i found myself yelling at the tv telling her to fight back or to get violent .  all in all ,  very violent movie .  .  . not for the faint of heart . 
wow .  .  . sheer brilliance .   turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy .   after watching this ,  i never laughed so hard at a horror movie before .  .  . a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either not written in depth or too much depth .   if you want to watch an absolutely written horror movie with stupid dialog ,  messed up plot ,  useless scenes ,  wasted characters ,  bad sound and lousy development overall ,  then this is the one to watch .   be sure to keep focused for the classic  " food processor "  scene and the totally inept police investigation scenes .   this is a remarkable new low in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either stupid ,  daring or brave . 
this movie raises a number of pressing questions in my mind .  firstly ,  how has jennifer tilly managed to sustain a film acting career for all these years based on that ridiculous squeaky voice and the very limited range of hammy facial expressions she employs ?  secondly .  .  .  what on earth were the people responsible for making this offensive and deeply repulsive film thinking of ?  and thirdly .  .  .  given that there were people perverted enough to decide to make dreck like this ,  shouldn't there have been someone in the system - the studio ,  the distributors ,  or somewhere - sane enough to prevent it actually getting completed and released .  you really would have to search a very ,  very long way to turn up another movie as profoundly nasty as this .  .  .  and it isn't even billed as a horror movie - which ,  inasmuch as it can be seen as belonging to any legitimate film genre ,  it certainly is .  the movie wallows from beginning to end in the sickest kind of madness ,  violence and abuse ,  and has essentially no redeeming features at all .  i'm not actually advocating censorship  ( which i don't believe in )  .  .  .  but i really can't see how anybody could conceivably draw anything positive from watching a film like this . 
i have read the other comment about this movie ,  and usually i try not to be harsh in my criticisms because i try to be a nice person .  however ,  this movie is one of the worst movies that i have ever seen  ( and thats topping a lot of bad usa network plus cinemax nights .  )  whoever thought of this movie needs to be prevented from ever making another one .  this film disgusted me in a way that no other film ever .  i really think these people are insane .  just save your time and do not watch this fllm .  please - i wish that i had .  the acting is horrible ,  the plot  ( what plot )  is stupid and degrading and insane .  i really do not think this should have been made into a movie .  but that is my opinion ,  and i am trying to save you from wasting your time . 
i received this movie as a gift ,  i knew from the dvd cover ,  this movie are going to be bad . after not watching it for more than a year i finally watched it .  what a pathetic movie .   i almost didn't finish watching this bad movie , but it will be unfair of me to write a review without watching the complete movie .   trust me when i say  "  this movie sucks "  i am truly shocked that some bad filmmaker wane bee got even financed to make this pathetic movie ,  but it couldn't have cost more than $20 000 to produce this movie .  all you need are a cheap camcorder or a cell phone camera  . about 15 people with no acting skills ,  a scrip that were written by a couple of drunk people .   in the fist part of this ultra bad move a reporter  ( tara woodley  ) run a suppose to be drunk man over on her way to report on a hunted town .  he are completely unharmed .  they went to a supposed to be abandon house  , but luckily for the it almost complete furnished and a bottle of liquor on the door step happens to be there .  just for the supposed to be drunk man but all is not what it seems .   then the supposed drunk man start telling tara ghost/zombies stories .   the fist of his stupid lame stories must be the worst in history .   his story  sgt .  ben draper let one of his soldiers die of complete exhaustion  ( i think this is what happens ) after letting the poor soldier private wilson do sit ups he let him dig a grave and then the soldier collapse  , ben draper  buries him in a shallow grave .   but sgt .  ben draper are in for n big surprise .  his wife/girl fiend knows about this and she and her lover kills sgt .  ben draper to take revenge on private wilson .  ( next to the grave of the soldier he sort off murdered )  the soldier wakes up from his grave in the form of zombie and kill them for taking revenge on his behalf .   the twist ending were so lame .   even if you like b horror movies ,  don't watch this movie
i'm glad some people liked this ,  but i hated this film .  it had a very good idea for a story line ,  but that's where it ended .  it was badly written ,  badly acted and badly made .    it had some interesting plot points ,  but they were just skipped over too fast ,  the writers needed to realize what to keep in and expand on these bits ,  like lying about why she was kidnapped ,  and ditch the dross .  instead it was  " what's going on ?  "  ,  5 seconds later they tell you .   this film had no suspense ,  and i was bored from start to end .  i just wanted it to finish .    go and rent misery ,  or best laid plans if you want suspense or twists that keep you guessing to the end . 
it is not often i watch a film that is as dreadful as this one .  i continued to watch ,  every minute hoping that this was intended as a joke only to find it was meant to be taken seriously .  well ,  as seriously as this genre requests .   the acting was disgraceful and the situations horribly contrived and clichéd .  if a film was made in 1920  ( for example )  and had the quality of hide & seek  ( cord )  in its direction we would think that cinema back then was naive .  as it happens ,  this film was made in 2000 and i have yet to see a film from the silent era that has as little charm as this one .   definitely not for the serious movie-goer .   [not worth a rating]
there were times during the movie i wish i had been beat to death .  the only reason i endured the entirety of the movie was because i couldn't believe how bad it really was and thought it must get better .  this truly was a horror film .  i was horrified that i wasted what seemed like 4 hours of my life that i will never get back .  the other two hours i spent mourning at the loss .  please recommend this movie to whomever you wish to torture and tell them the suspense will kill them . 
there is an interesting discussion in this movie .  is being a moral person good enough ,  or do you need something more ?   the movie preaches that without the guidance of god ,  being a morally good person is not enough .  there is a line early in the movie ,   " you and i can look at a person who is morally good ,  but both know he is going to go to hell .  "   while i am not a christian ,  the discussions about this throughout the course of the movie were fascinating ,  but not in the way the movie intended .  i left the movie with a stronger feeling that being morally good *is* enough .  the arguments and discussions presented were heavily biased ,  so much so that they crush themselves in the weight of their own ignorance .  fanaticism can be a powerful thing ,  especially when inferenced in the minds of the ignorant and uneducated .  as george carlin's character in dogma said :   " hook em while they're young "  .   the basic premise is a very interesting one also .  a bible scholar from the 1890s is attempting to publish a book that says that morality without god is ok ,  as long as the morality is meaningful .  do you only tell a child not to steal ?  or do you tell him not to steal because god tells you not to ?   ( not bothering bringing up that telling the child not to steal because ,  well ,  how would he feel if it was his marbles that were stolen ?  )   the author ,  carlisle ,  wants the recommendation of his school to help sell the book  ( to spread the world )  .  however ,  it needs unanimous consent ,  and one of the scholars opposes it .  he brings up ,  in a very interesting discussion early in the film about the morality for morality's sake vs god's words argument .  to prove his point ,  he produces a time machine  ( put in the movie solely to make the plot work ,  which i'm fine with )  ,  and sends carlisle to the year 2002 to see where teaching morality without god will lead us .   as should be obvious ,  he has his opinion ,  and is changed by what he sees ,  and has reversed himself by the time of his return  ( for he does return ,  that's not really a spoiler ,  this is a bible movie after all )  .   as for the movie as a movie itself ,  it's pretty slow and pretty poorly acted .  something that was *not* needed in this movie ,  is that it produces two  " bad guys "  who want to try to figure out who carlisle is ,  even tho he hasn't hurt anyone ,  committed a crime ,  or anything .  what's wrong with the movie just showing carlisle's opinion ,  showing his view of this  " sinful world "  ,  and returning him with a new viewpoint ?    also ,  there a few points in the movie which affirm to me that i'm happy i'm not a christian ,  or at least someone who says  " it's god or nothing "  .  three near the end of the movie rather disturbed me .  .  first ,  when the two  " bad guys "  corner carlisle right before he jumps ,  carlisle does his *only* truly despicable act .  .  he fakes like his time-jump is the coming of jesus ,  and makes it so the  " bad guys "   ( who are also christians btw ,  oddly enough )  ,  think they just missed the rapture .    secondly ,  after carlisle returns ,  he finds a boy in which he scolded at the beginning of the movie about not stealing  ( but not mentioning god ,  kid kept the marbles and ran away )  ,  and tells him this time that stealing is wrong because god commands it .  like the carlin quote above ,  scaring kids into religion is a faux-pas in my book .   and lastly ,  the epilogue .  another scare tactic .  carlisle asks the inventor how far into the future they could go ,  and he says he doesn't know .  .  the epilogue shows him trying to warp a bible into the distant future  ( starts at 2100 )  ,  and it fails .  .  he keeps decrementing the years by 10 ,  and trying again ,  and by the fade-out ,  he's at like 2030 or so .  throughout the movie ,  carlise mentions that he felt the end of the world coming ,  because the world was rife with sin and the loss of the name of god .  .  scare tactics have been in use for thousands of years .  .  you would think in these enlightened times ,  the church would have enlightened as well .   i'm glad i saw this movie .  while i was fairly certain before that being morally good was enough ,  now i know it for a fact .  worth watching if you are not a christian ,  to affirm how happy you are to not be as ignorant as the folks in this movie . 
the real star of this ridiculous story is glorious technicolor .  a visual treat to the eye ,  the film fails to stimulate the mind and heart .  i was intrigued ,  at first ,  by the idea of dietrich and boyer leaving religion in order to  " find "  their capacity for love .  what follows is a huge disappointment .  boyer is the only real actor in the production and one feels his torment .  dietrich's amazing wardrobe outshines her performance -- at times her face is frightening to look at -- a unfeeling mask .  as a monk ,  boyer held the formula for the monastery's liquer  ( which reminds me of the true story of chartreuse )  -- when he leaves his  " marriage to god "  the reaction by his fellow monks holds the shock and fear that perpetuate organized religion .  the viewer feels boyer was well rid of his past .  however ,  the journey that follows is all too predictable . 
not being familiar with us television stations ,  when i flicked onto this on my in-laws' cable ,  first i thought it was just a low-budget sci-fi film ,  then after a couple of minutes i started thinking it might be a clever satire on the worst excesses of christian fundamentalist ,  and then it dawned on me - good grief ,  these people are serious !  it's been a while since i saw anything so unintentionally hilarious .  i hesitated about writing a review of this for fear of offending believers ,  but then i saw other reviews and thought ,  hey ,  they can take it .  tough philosophical conundrum :  how do you make a movie criticizing movies without actually showing what it is you're criticizing ?  answer :  make it in such a way that the only people who'll appreciate it are people who hate the kind of movies you're criticizing .  i suppose some liberals  ( ugh !  spit when you say that !  )  might be offended at the filmmakers' contempt for those in the audience who aren't obsessed with the j**** c***** myth ,  but i didn't mind - it was so darn funny ! 
this movie seems to send the wrong message .  there can be morality without using christ .  poeple of other religions ,  i believe ,  can get into heaven .  i am a catholic who goes to church every week ,  but i do not agree with such christian arrogance .  this is the worst time travel movie i have ever seen and i've seen timeline . 
i guess this would be a great movie for a true believer in organized christian dogma ,  but for anyone with an open mind who believes in free will ,  rational thinking ,  the separation of church & state and good science fiction it is a terrible joke !   there are some well known actors who were either badly in need of work or had a need to share their personal beliefs with the rest of us heathens .   i was entertained by this movie in the same way i was entertained by  " reefer madness .  "  that movie attempted to teach drug education by scare tactics the same way this movie tries to teach  " christian "  principles with the threat of hell and misery for otherwise good people who don't share their interpretations of our world .   it had me howling with laughter and at the same time scared me to realize how many people actually believe that our society should revert to the good old days of the 19th century ! 
first of all ,  this movie reminded me of the old movies i used to have to watch in religion class in school .  that's not a good thing .  basically ,  it's just a preachy and pretentious piece of filth ,  just like the terrible  " left behind "  series .  i'm not offended by religious movies .  .  .  but i am offended when these religious movies just happen to be extremely awful .  i would just like to be able to say nice things about a christian movie but it doesn't look like that will happen any time soon .  i bet if you gave the bible thumpers a decent budget ,  they still wouldn't be able to come up with anything good .  just avoid this one .  also ,  the fact that the  " american family association "   ( basically ,  reverend wildmon's lackies )  beam about this film on their website is another reason to make me hate it .  in fact ,  after i viewed this ,  i went home and watched my copy of david cronenberg's nc-17 rated  " crash "  .  forgive me father for i have sinned .  hahahahaha ! 
i rented this by mistake .  i thought ,  after a cursory examination of the box ,  that this was a time-travel/sci-fi story .  instead ,  it's a  " christian "  story ,  and i suppose is fairly typical example .  if you are sold on the message you probably will overlook the awkwardness of the plot/acting/etc .  ,  but i found it rather painful .    i have to admit that i'm bothered by the rewriting of history in this story .  it paints the 1890's as some sort of paradise of family values and morality  ( a character is aghast that 5% of marriages end in divorce !  )  ,  but it overlooks very unsavory sides of this  " highly moral "  society  ( rigid racial ,  sexual ,  and social discrimination were widespread ,  for instance )  .  and at one point the hero complains to a clothing store owner about things that sound not all that different than the complaints of some iranian leaders about women's clothing styles  ( as reported in a recent wsj )  .   overall ,  thought ,  i suppose that it's the sort of thing you'll like if you like this sort of thing ,  and it's certainly wholesome .  .  . 
the premise sucked me in ,  but it was clear about 30 seconds in that this was either david lynch or something seriously terrible .  interesting to watch just to run through the fundamentalist laundry list .  i can be a sucker for a stirring spiritual piece  ( romero comes to mind )  ,  but there was nothing spiritual whatsoever about this one .  the message seems to be that we must all pretend we have an iq of 80  ( or simply get a lobotomy - jennifer what happened to ya ?  )  and blindly follow the bible without any sort of self-examination whatsoever or we'll trigger the second coming .  it's the kind of attitude that makes people fly jumbo jets into 110 story buildings  ( i work around the corner from the site of the former wtc )  .  i like to think that god is a little greater than that . 
i'm afraid that you'll find that the huge majority of people who rate this movie as a 10 are highly christian .  i am not .  if you are looking for a christian movie ,  i recommend this film .  if you are looking for a good general movie ,  i'm afraid you'll need to go elsewhere .   i was annoyed by the characters ,  and their illogical behaviour .  the premise of the movie is that the teaching of morality without teaching that it was jesus who is the basis of morality is itself wrong .  one scene shows the main character telling a boy that it is wrong to steal ,  and then the character goes on to say that it was jesus who taught us this .  i find that offensive :  are we to believe that  " thou shalt not steal "  came from jesus ?  i suppose he wrote the ten commandments ?  and stealing was acceptable before that ?  i rented the movie from netflix .  i should have realized the nature of the movie from the comments .  oh well . 
i attempted to watch this film without being able to really sit through it ,  for while it is suppose to have a  " good "  message ;  the problem is that it is obviously produced according to one particular interpretation of scripture .  an interpretation ,  in my opinion ,  will mislead a lot of people .  in addition ,  i am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely unacceptable .  never before had i wished for a negative score to rate a movie .  so ,  if you wish to be preached to incessantly by those without authority ,  then by all means ,  get this film .  this comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi ,  because the title will deceive a lot of people as well .  this was an unfortunate film ,  because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were squandered .  the film's only redeemable quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the  " time machine "  probably should have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future . 
i picked up time changer because it looked like a nice low-budget scifi time travel movie and i was in the mood for something like that .  the description said it had something to do with some biblical stuff and time travel but i didn't expect a fundamentalist christian film !   the movie had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have gone places and been far more interesting than it ended up being .  our hero ,  who is a bible professor from the 1890s ,  eventually travels forward to the 2000s and finds that modern life is filled with the influences of evil - jesus is nowhere to be found .  this wonderful technological feat is accomplished with the assistance of a fellow bible teacher who somehow managed to invent a functional hg-wells-style time machine .  the movie starts to lose some credibility at this point ,  which is unfortunate because this happens very early in the film .  earlier  ( or perhaps immediately later ,  can't remember for certain )  ,  our hero professor was seen teaching what appeared to be a science class where he claimed that scientific findings could only be considered validated if it could be matched with what the bible says .  what should be obvious to anyone is that this is clearly not what the scientific method is about ,  however it is presented such that the filmmakers appear to prefer the point of view that science is useful only if it supports their claims and otherwise is not useful .   in any case ,  that belief is perfectly valid and sensible in the context of the character at the time .  so ,  if we accept that as the fact of life for these bible professors ,  then obviously the professor who went and invented the time machine isn't a very strong believer as i don't think there's any evidence  ( and none was offered )  for the physics of time travel in the bible .  so immediately there's a problem with mixed messages and credibility there ,  but never mind .  .  .   after the professor is convinced to take the leap into the future ,  the shock of modern technology was handled quite well in most cases .  it was also fun to not have it pinned down to an exact year  ( as the character is reading the date off a newspaper to himself ,  a car honks a horn and it scares him into not finishing the date :  it's just two thousand and .  .  .  *honk* )  .  some of the shock went on a little too long ,  though .  for instance ,  the car was one of the first things he encountered when he arrived and around two days later he's invited to a church movie night and takes a ride in a van .  he sticks his head out the window like a dog might ,  is scared by the headlights and the starting engine ,  etc .  that seemed a bit off since he'd been there a few days by this point and the city appeared to be quite busy with traffic .  in any case ,  that's easy to ignore .  the rest of the tech shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the tv which was delayed because he didn't even realize what it was until he saw a kid watching one and using a remote .   unfortunately ,  our hero predictably starts to preach to virtually everyone he meets as if he's an authority on all life and religion just because he's from the past and is an elder .  eventually he gets himself a brief moment in the spotlight at the church he had been visiting where he proceeds to explain his concept of christianity to them in a long monologue that was supposed to be moving and insightful ,  but mostly was just more of the same .  a couple of husbands in the church begin to get a funny feeling about this guy  ( go figure )  and investigate his name .  they eventually conclude that he either is a time traveler or is impersonating this long dead bible professor and decide to find out which it is .  the movie frames these guys as non-believer bad guys for being skeptical .   just before the professor is to head back to his own time ,  he is confronted by those two men .  in an effort to avoid being arrested or hauled away ,  he eventually breaks into an almost insane-like rant about how jesus is coming soon and that he's a prophet so they should listen to him .  just in time ,  he's whisked away and one of the husbands wonders if perhaps this is the rapture he'd heard so much about .   the irony is that this essentially means the professor became a self-proclaimed  ( and most likely false )  prophet claiming to know that the rapture was near and he was sent by god when truthfully he was sent by his fellow bible professor and did not have any god-given knowledge  ( that was stated or even hinted at )  .   as i understand it ,  revelation claims that the time of the end is only for god to know and at the end of the film we see the inventor professor trying  ( and failing )  to send a bible into the future .  first 2080 ,  then 2070 ,  etc .  as the scene fades out .  clearly he's trying to determine the exact date of the end times - which he shouldn't be able to know !  essentially ,  the entire premise of the movie cancels itself out because by being so insistent on their religious beliefs and how certain things are for god to know only ,  it means there couldn't ever be a time machine in the first place because then mankind could find out something that only god should know !  the entire movie's premise collapses and makes the whole thing basically worthless as it undermines it's own credibility in the end . 
falsely accused ,  skirt-chasing chums john wayne  ( as john scott )  and eddy chandler  ( as kansas charlie )  change identities to become  " alias smith and jones "  .  mr .  wayne becomes  " john jones "  .  mr .  chandler's is supposed to be  " rev .  smith "  ,  but wayne calls him  " dr .  smith "  .  at no time are either of them as entertaining as roger davis ,  pete duel ,  jonathan harris ,  or ben murphy ;  although ,  wayne can be considered infinitely more successful than any of them ,  career wise .  pretty blonde mary kornman  ( as anne )  ,  grown-up from her days in  " our gang "  ,  is a lovely interest for wayne .  she and chandler have a couple of cute scenes with wayne .  if you're not a fan of low budget john wayne films of the 1930s ,  this movie won't make you one . 
one of the more 'literate' lone stars ,  with time spent on character development and interaction ,  dialog and acting business .  the opening scene sets the stage  ( literally )  for the personalities of the gambler ,  kansas charlie  ( eddy chandler )  ,  and his buddy ,  john scott  ( john wayne )  the rodeo  ( say roh-day-oh )  star ,  both of whom are slightly randy .  the film follows their adventures ,  as they try to best each other in the pursuit of the mexican juanita ,  and later in their pursuit of perky mary kornman ,  who has the inevitable evil brother  ( though he'd been led astray by the real villain ,  and wants to repent )  .  and oh ,  of course ,  they're being wrongly accused of two crimes and have to serve jail time before escaping and being exonerated at the end .   the high point is scott continually and deliberately ogling mary's butt in her grocery store ,  and knocking away the ladder she's standing on so he can catch her and grab her as she falls .  it all seems a little contemporary for a 30s western ,  but it sounds better than it actually is .    sadly ,  the exciting action elements we find in many other lone stars are sorely missing here .  no yakima canutt .  cheap and bad uses of stock footage of riders falling off horses .  no george hayes .  tedious stooge-like bi-play between scott and charlie ,  with charlie swinging at scott ,  scott stomping on his foot and then punching him  ( repeated two more times !  )  .  the skilled paul fix is underused .  eddy chandler himself ,  here in his big star turn ,  is not really believable as a randy side kick .  the villain looks too old and fat .  so does chandler ,  who spent his later career in 300 more movies as an uncredited meatloaf .  mary kornman ,  of the twenties  " our gang "   ( see 'mary ,  queen of tots' 1925 )  is cute in her scenes with john wayne ,  but that's about it for this one .  seeds of a better western lie buried here .   p . s .  the ultra-short colorized version ,  which looks good ,  moves along so fast ,  it's over if you blink more than once .  thankfully though ,  the embarrassing scenes with eddy chandler have been cut . 
when marlene dietrich was labeled box office poison in 1938 one of a handful of actresses so named by the trades papers ,  it was films like the garden of allah .  how a film could be so breathtakingly beautiful to behold and be so insipidly dull is beyond me .  also how marlene if she was trying to expand her range and not play a sexpot got stuck with such an old fashioned story is beyond me .   the garden of allah ,  one of the very first films in modern technicolor was a novel set at the turn of the last century by robert hitchens who then collaborated on a play adaption with mary anderson that ran for 241 performances in 1911-12 .  it then got two silent screen adaptions .  the story is about a monk who runs away from the monastery out in french tunisia to see some of what he's missed in the world .  he runs into a similarly sheltered woman who was unmarried and spent her prime years caring for a sick parent .  she's traveling now in the desert and the two meet on a train .   the woman is of course marlene and the runaway monk is charles boyer .  i'm not sure what was in david o .  selznick's mind in filming this story .  someone like ingrid bergman might have made it palatable for the audience .  but you can bet that the movie-going public of 1936 when they plunked their money down for a ticket they expected to see marlene as a modern day salome rather than a saint with that title .  the public still remembered rudolph valentino and you can bet that it was some desert romance and seduction that they were expecting .   as for the monks you have to remember that they are self supporting in their monasteries and this particular one bottles a special wine of which boyer happens to be the one with the secret .  the monastery will have to rethink it's economics if boyer leaves .  the monks are a sincerely pious group ,  but from the head man charles waldron on down they've a right to be a little concerned with some self interest .   anyway a whole lot of religious platitudes get said here by a pair of leads that really are not suited for the parts .  most especially marlene dietrich .  i would watch this film with an eye for the special color desert cinematography and forget the plot . 
before i explain the  " alias "  comment let me say that  " the desert trail "  is bad even by the standards of westerns staring the three stooges .  in fact it features carmen laroux as semi- bad girl juanita ,  when you hear her mexican accent you will immediately recognize her as senorita rita from the classic stooge short  " saved by the belle "  .    in  " the desert trail "  john wayne gets to play the moe howard character and eddy chandler gets to play curly howard .  like their stooge counterparts a running gag throughout the 53- minute movie is moe hitting curly .  wayne's character ,  a skirt chasing bully ,  is not very endearing ,  but is supposed to be the good guy .    playing a traveling rodeo cowboy wayne holds up the rodeo box office at gunpoint and takes the prize money he would have won if the attendance proceeds had been good-the other riders have to settle for 25 cents on the dollar  ( actually even less after wayne robs the box office )  .  no explanation is given for wayne's ripping off the riders and still being considered the hero who gets the girl .    things get complicated at this point because the villain  ( al ferguson )  and his sidekick larry fine  ( played by paul fix-who would go on to play sheriff micah on television's  " the rifleman "  )  see wayne rob the box office and then steal the remainder of the money and kill the rodeo manager .  moe and curly get blamed .    so moe and curly move to another town to get away from the law and they change their names to smith and jones .  who do they meet first but their old friend larry ,  whose sister becomes the 2nd half love interest  ( senorita rita is left behind it the old town and makes no further appearances in the movie )  .    larry's sister is nicely played by a radiantly beautiful mary kornman  ( now grown up but in her younger days she was one of the original cast members of hal roach's  " our gang "  shorts )  .  kornman is the main reason to watch the mega-lame western and her scenes with moe and curly are much better than any others in the production ,  as if they used an entirely different crew to film them .    even for 1935 the action sequences in this thing are extremely weak and the technical film- making is staggeringly bad .  the two main chase scenes end with stock footage wide shots of a rider falling from a horse .  both times the editor cuts to a shot of one of the characters rolling on the ground ,  but there is no horse in the frame ,  the film stock is completely different ,  and the character has on different clothes than the stunt rider .  there is liberal use of stock footage in other places ,  none of it even remotely convincing .    one thing to watch for is a scene midway into the movie where moe and curly get on their horses and ride away  ( to screen right )  from a cabin as the posse is galloping toward the cabin from the left .  the cameraman follows the two stooges with a slow pan right and then does a whip pan to the left to reveal the approaching posse .  outside of home movies i have never seen anything like this ,  not because it is looks stupid  ( which it does )  but because a competent director would never stage a scene in this manner .  they would film the two riders leaving and then reposition the camera and film the posse approaching as a separate action .  or if they were feeling creative they would stage the sequence so the camera shows the riders in the foreground and the posse approaching in the background .    then again ,  what do i know ?  i'm only a child . 
john scott  ( john wayne )  and partner kansas charlie  ( eddy chandler )  are trail buddies who make their way to the rattlesnake gulch rodeo .  scott is a pretty fair contestant ,  but finds that unless he's willing to accept twenty five cents on the dollar in prize money from a crooked promoter ,  he'll have to collect his winnings at gunpoint .  quite coincidentally ,  bandits pete  ( al ferguson )  and jim  ( paul fix )  decide they'd like the rest of the rodeo take ;  they shoot promoter farnsworth  ( henry hall )  ,  and make it look like scott and kansas charlie are the killers .    wayne and chandler use a running gag in the film where they're about to go at it with their fists over various trivialities .  each time chandler takes a wild swing ,  wayne foot stomps him and knocks him silly .   if you're very attentive ,  there's a neat lipton's tea ad in one of the scenes in which scott's love interest anne  ( mary kornman )  appears .   later on in the film ,  the buddies are framed once again over a stage robbery .  having a change of heart and seeing the error of his ways ,  bad guy jim wants to come clean and confess to the sheriff ,  but pete shoots him down .  while being patched up ,  jim tells his story to the doctor and his sister anne .  in an unbelievable scene ,  anne marches right into the middle of a gunfight between the good guys and the villains to confront the sheriff .    " the desert trail "  is one of the blander john wayne westerns from lone star productions during this era .  noticeably absent are george  " gabby "  hayes and yakima canutt ,  one or both are usually to be seen in these oaters .  if you're a john wayne fan though ,  you'll have to see it once ,  but that will probably be enough . 
this early john wayne lone star western has a bit more going for it than the run-of-the-mill oaters wayne had been making for lone star up until that time .  for one ,  it has his old friend paul fix in it ;  fix ,  being a much better actor then the standard lone star villain ,  brings a much needed professionalism to the surroundings instead of the usual hesitant line-readings often delivered in these oaters .  the plot ,  about mistaken identity ,  payroll robbery and murder ,  is as trite and perfunctory as you'd expect it to be in a 1930s low-budget western ,  but wayne's strapping good looks ,  easygoing charm and way with a line go a long way to making this more enjoyable .  plump ,  balding eddy chandler isn't quite believable as wayne's womanizing  " partner "  ,  and there's a running gag about something that happens whenever chandler and wayne are about to get into a fistfight that grows tiresome .  on the other hand ,  wayne's love interest is played by none other than mary kornman ,  the little  " mary "  of the early  " little rascals "  fame .  she is a grown-up 20-year-old now ,  blonde and cute as a button .  most of wayne's leading ladies in these lone star/monogram  " b's "  were fairly bland and colorless ,  but mary is perky ,  cute and ,  yes ,  sexy .  there's a scene in the general store ,  where she works ,  in which wayne asks her to get him a bottle of  " nerve tonic "  ,  which happens to be on the top shelf ,  so she has to get a ladder and climb up to the top shelf .  wayne's ogling her pert little backside as she ascends the steps ,  then again as she comes down ,  then again a few minuter later when he asks her to climb up and get him another bottle is surprisingly racy for a film made in 1935 .  wayne makes no attempt to hide the fact that he is definitely checking out her butt .  anyway ,  it's an interesting little  " b "  ,  not great ,  but not as choppy and random as many of his lonestar productions of the time .  the final gunfight isn't handled all that well ,  and chandler gets somewhat irritating after a while ,  but all in all ,  it's worth a look ,  if only to see a cute and sexy mary kornman . 
this movie is horrendous .  decent fight scenes or not ,  the acting is really bad ,  like you can tell they're reading their lines from a card .  with painful line delivery by everyone in the cast .  think watching a high school play and cringing at the obvious lack of smoothness in the actor's interactions  ( weird pauses between different character's lines ,  combined with hurried line delivery by others )  .  if the movie were all action ,  this might be forgivable ,  but a lot of the movie includes plot set-up and family guy style ,  irreverent cut aways  ( oh ,  wow ,  are they badly done )  .  i'm assuming they were attempting to be funny with these ,  but it again came off as a bunch of high-schoolers/ college entry students goofing off for the afternoon trying to set up a funny youtube clip .    now to the fight scenes .  they're not too bad ,  considering the level of quality seen everywhere else in the film .  nothing great either ,  certainly not anywhere near the same level as other posters have stated  ( nothing like drunken master )  .  the fights have an overly staged feel ,  with lots of cuts to different angles with blatantly different positions by those involved .    in sum ,  the only reason to watch this movie is if you were one of the guy's friends involved with this very ,  very cheap production .  which guy you may ask ?  oh ,  the same guy who wrote ,  directed ,  produced and stared in this middle school masterpiece . 
the beginning of this movie was good .  it started to get really dumb after he told the people he wanted to kill himself .  i think if i came from a little town like that i would be offended after seeing this movie .  they made a lot of these people look dumb and crazy .  how could these people have so little to do that they follow him around all day .  a lot of times these people were telling him ways to kill himself like they were urging him to do it .  how can so many people have little respect for other people ?  i also think they could have made a much better ending for this movie .  there were some good parts to this movie also .  some people might like it ,  but i wouldn't recommend this to anyone . 
quirky ,  independent ,  theatrical ,  christian slater--these are all teasers that made me look forward to spending an hour or so  " discovering "  a jewel of a film .  boy ,  was i disappointed .  julian po never gets over itself .  the film is relentlessly self-conscious .  i found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment .  the overdone ,  obviously theatrical sets ,  the overdone ,  obviously theatrical acting ,  the overdone ,  obviously theatrical directing -- well ,  you get the idea .    allegories do not need to be delivered sledge hammer style .  and it's hard to feel much of anything for julian po because we never know much about him .  the ridiculous girlfriend ,  the annoying townsfolk ,  the idiotic clergyman ,  the bratty kids -- why would anyone ,  particularly anyone with a life long ambition to get to the seaside  ( slater's character )  ,  decide to stay in such a dismal place ? 
i really ,  really wanted to like julian po .  i think that slater is underrated as an actor ,  and that many of the supporting players here are better than they are given a chance to demonstrate in this film .  i realize this is based on a short story which i have not read .  so ,  i do not know if what i see as the film's faults originated with the story ,  or were imposed on it by the director/screenwriter .  the premise is wonderful ,  and i loved the voiceover ,  confessional tone the opening narration strikes .  but then .  .  .  ?  nothing !  several of the cliched local characters ask julian pointblank to explain his intention to commit suicide .  one could argue that he doesn't answer ,  because it's none of their business .  but julian is the one who ,  under only token pressure ,  blurted out his intentions in public .  then neither julian nor the director/writer ,  despite the fact that the julian character is keeping a tape recorded journal for god's sake ,  seem inclined to provide anything beyond the scant initial information on julian's life .  he says he was a bookkeeper .  he says his family moved around when he was a child ,  due to his father's job .  so what ?  there are several interactions with the locals which seem designed to illuminate julian's purpose .  but none of them go anywhere ,  because julian seems to regard all these dopey locals as if they were aliens from another planet ,  as if he were the ultimate  ( and only )  sane one among them .  this might work as an allegory ,  if julian po had any defining characteristics or anything approaching wisdom to impart .  the closest he comes to revealing anything about himself is in the scene in which he purposely humiliates the naive ,  religious wife of the mechanic .  and what this scene reveals is not anything that would inspire empathy for julian .  i can only see the julian character --as rendered--as selfish ,  petty ,  and totally condescending .  sort of matches the attitude of the director of this half-baked ,  contrived film .  and poor michael parks ,  an actor who once had so much promise ,  is given nothing to work with here . 
this picture seemed way to slanted ,  it's almost as bad as the drum beating of the right wing kooks who say everything is rosy in iraq .  it paints a picture so unredeemable that i can't help but wonder about it's legitimacy and bias .  also it seemed to meander from being about the murderous carnage of our troops to the lack of health care in the states for ptsd .  to me the subject matter seemed confused ,  it only cared about portraying the military in a bad light ,  as a )  an organzation that uses mind control to turn ordinary peace loving civilians into baby killers and b )  an organization that once having used and spent the bodies of it's soldiers then discards them to the despotic bureacracy of the v . a .  this is a legitimate argument ,  but felt off topic for me ,  almost like a movie in and of itself .  i felt that  " the war tapes "  and  " blood of my brother "  were much more fair and let the viewer draw some conclusions of their own rather than be beaten over the head with the film makers viewpoint .  f-
seems everyone in this film is channeling woody allen .  they stammer and pause and stammer some more .  only for really die-hard denero fans !  it tries to appear as edgy and artistic - but it comes off as looking like a very ,  very low budget film made by college students .  the most often used word in the whole film is  " hum "  .  the film does peg the atmosphere of the late sixties/early seventies though .  if you like films where people are constantly talking over each other ,  horrible lighting  ( even if it is for  " art's sake "  )  ,  and makes you feel like you are sitting in on a lame political meeting ,  then you might like this - but you need to be really bored .  i found this cd in the dollar bin and now i know why . 
it is only robert de niro film which i really hates .  it is stupid film with horrible acting  ( of course not de niro )  .  for me ,  brian de palma must do his mafia films as always like scarface  ( 1983 )  or the untouchables  ( 1987 )  .  i also loved de palma's mission :  impossible  ( 1996 )  .  de niro worked with palma two different times too ,  greetings and the wedding party .  i though that the wedding party was ok too  ( i didn't watch greetings )  .    screenplay is really bad and unfunny .  there are no any scene where i can smile for even one time .  film lost a chance to be a funny style even a little bit in a  " be black baby "  scene and also i don't like the scene where a guy's sexual organ appeared .  so ,  it is one of the worst film i have ever seen !  just worst .  i hate that . 
this was one of the worst movies i've ever seen .  i'm still not sure if it was serious ,  or just a satire .  one of those movies that uses every stupid who dunnit cliché they can think of .  arrrrgh .   don johnson was pretty good in it actually .  but otherwise it sucked .  it was over 10 years ago that i saw it ,  but it still hurts and won't stop lingering in my brain .    the last line in the movie really sums up how stupid it is .  i won't ruin it for you ,  should you want to tempt fate by viewing this movie .  but i garantee you a *nghya* moment at the end ,  with a few in between .  if you have nothing better to do ,  and you like to point and laugh ,  then maybe it might be worth your while .  additionally ,  if you're forced to go on a date with someone you really don't like ,  suggest watching this movie together ,  and they'll probably leave you alone after they see it .  that's a fair price to pay ,  i guess . 
 !  !  !  !  possible mild spoiler  !  !  !  !  !   as i watched the first half of guilty as sin i couldn`t believe it was made in 1993 because it played like a jagged edge / joe eszterhas clone from the mid 80s  .  it starts with a murder and it`s left for the audience to muse  "  is he guilty or innocent and will he go to bed with his attorney  ?   "   ,  but halfway through the film shows its early 90s credentials by turning into a  "  lawyer gets manipulated and stalked by her client  "  type film which ends in a ridiculous manner  ,  and guilty as sin has an even more ridiculous ending in this respect  .   this is a very poor thriller but the most unforgivable thing about it is that it was directed by sidney lumet the same man who brought us the all time classic court room drama 12 angry men
you might be tempted to rent this film because peter sellers appears in it .  that would be a mistake .  this is one of the most pointless films ever made .  i kept waiting for something funny to happen ,  but nothing funny appears in this movie .  even the film industry recognized this was a very weak film and didn't even try to promote it .  its a wonder that it was ever put on video .   i wonder what sort of contract caused sellers to be in this film .  i also wonder why the people responsible for this film were allowed to go on to make other bad films .  surely this film is a waste of the money used to create it ,  and a waste of anyone's time watching it .  surely there are high school students who would be able to write/produce a film which as a plot . 
peter sellers plays dick scratcher  ( ha , ha )  ,  a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one .  although he's witnessed a treasure being buried ,  he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank .  thus ,  dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts  ( do you place an ad for that ?  )  and help lead a path to the treasure .  it's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film .  former goon spike milligan replaced medak as director ,  and given medak's talents in the film the ruling class ,  you can probably guess which of the grainy ,  poorly lit scenes had milligan in the director's chair .  peter boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain .  he's probably quite thankful that young frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned ,  so that he can keep this off his resume .  franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-scratcher but he and seller both look pretty desperate ,  with even sellers' makeup and hair looking quite terrible .  they had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it .  with lines like these ,  i can understand any possible unease :   pierre :   ( about to be hanged )  you'll pay for this .   scratcher :  no ,  i won't .  i'll do it for free .   and that's one of the good jokes .  it's amazing to me that much of sellers prolific material is still in the vaults ,  but this was made available on vhs more than 15 years ago !  how about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the us the well-received british tv program  " a show called fred "  starring sellers ,  milligan ,  and directed by the great richard lester ? 
this movie does have some great noirish/neorealist visuals ,  and it tells a story that is refreshingly free of hollywood's sugar-coating ,  which was only possible because it was essentially an independent foreign film .  but some of the scenes go on for much too long  ( the wedding ,  especially )  ,  and i found the exaggerated acting and unrealistic dialog to be more fit for the stage than for the silver screen .   the dialog was particularly distracting ,  and it seemed to get worse as the movie went on .  most of the characters were either italian-americans or italian immigrants living in new york in the twenties and thirties ,  but their dialog sounded like they were practicing lines for a shakespeare play while they mixed cement and laid bricks .  toward the end i was laughing ,  and not because the filmmakers wanted me to .  i guess the stilted poetry could be defended by saying that the characters would have been speaking italian ,  and the dialog is a literal translation of how they would really talk .  but it absolutely did not work for me .   another line of dialog made me laugh for a different reason :  the main character's son ,  born and raised in new york in the 1920's ,  suddenly picks up a lovely lilting british accent .  i'm only guessing this had something to do with the fact that the movie was made in england .   i give this movie an 'a' for effort and intention ,  but a considerably lower grade for execution . 
this is one of the worst films i have *ever* seen !  it is bad ,  even at tv movie level standards .  the plot is diabolically flawed ,  and the known names in this film are wasted on confused ,  uncertain characters .  i don't know how the director managed to keep this excuse of a film together - it is that bad .  billed as a 'psychological horror thriller' - it is certainly horrific .  there is nothing thrilling about it .  and it could do you psychological damage !  the initial opening scenes held such promise - a possible embarkation on whether the soul is just an aspect of the brain ,  but the utter shambles that followed the car-crash scene is beyond belief .  no matter how hard you try ,  you couldn't care less about the characters .  there are so many sprinkled ideas that the film is at best a collage of disconnected phrases from chinese philosophers ,  and at worst the film would actually make you go brain dead !   i have purchased over 300 films on dvd ,  and this is the first one i'm going to get my money back on .  steer clear . 
i felt brain dead ,  i'll tell you .  this is the worst film i have ever bought .   ( in my ignorance i thought this was the peter jackson film of the same name )  .  the performances are so terrible they are laughable .  the special effects have not stood the test of time and look dire .  the script promotes that kind of tv movie ,  stare into the middle distance kind of acting .  the cast look as if they have been taking lessons from joey tribbiani ,  they have one look each ,  and stick to it .  plus i have never been confused by a movie until i sat down to watch this .  the is it a dream or no plot is so terrible that frustration sets in within a few minutes .  avoid like a plague . 
even worse than the worst david lynch  " confusathon "  ,   " brain dead "  makes no sense whatsoever .  shamefully wasted talent  ( bill pullman ,  bill paxton )  ,  bounce around like they are in a  " tom and jerry "  cartoon on acid .  there is negligible character development .  it simply starts climbing the  " strange scale "  ,  until climaxing in total chaos .  do not get sucked into this because of the above fine actors .  they are given nothing to work with ,  and you will be wondering what's going on throughout the entire ,  unbearable 85 minutes .  i highly recommend avoiding  " brain dead "  at all costs ,  unless you are into scattering your brain into total nonsense .  - merk
discovery channel/animal planet must be ashamed of themselves .  this fantasy is modeled after the  " walking with dinosuars "  series .  even though this is 100% fantasy it is presented in the same factual and archaeological way .  even mixing the fantasy dragons with t-rexs and the extinction of the dinos .  added to being shown on an educational channel instead of say sci-fi it gives an air of factual authenticity to this show .   on its own the show is about an 7 . 5/10 far as entertainment goes .  but the way in which it is presented i have to give it a 1/10 .  don't get me wrong i have no problem with fantasy but they way they put this out is so wrong .  i can really see young kids and slow adults believing that they did find a dragon and that this is real .   i also think this weakens the great  " walking with dinosuars "  series because now you have to view that with a mind of how much is fantasy on that mini-series . 
i think that most everyone wants to believe that extraordinary things exist and this film shows no restraint in trying to exploit that to the fullest .  the presentation is very interesting ,  well presented and the graphics are state of the art ,  but from a scientific point of view it just doesn't work .  hydrogen filled flying bladders ?  they would need to be the size of a mack truck to be useful .  and then there's the ever-present possibility of a catastrophic explosion .  i have no problem with fantasy ,  just don't try to pass it off as fact .  some folks will always misunderstand .  all in all the film is entertaining ,  but i constantly found myself saying  " oh brother ,  what a load of  .  .  .  .  "  .  if you want a fake documentary ,  watch this is spinal tap instead .  or at the very least turn the sound off . 
this documentary  ( or i should say mockumentary )  is the perfect example of how ridiculous can the people be ,  when they have full enthusiasm on something like that .  honestly ,  i hate cryptozoology .  it is unscience ,  it just destroy it .  however ,  something positive in this was the visual effects  ( dragons were beautiful )  ,  but some of the information in this mockumentary was totally fake ,  and that is really disappointing because it was coming from scientists ,  so that is the reason why it deserves a 1 of 10 and not a 0 .  an example of false information would be the hydrogen idea :  it is true that ,  according to chemystry ,  the hydrogen is produced in the stomach but it is impossible to be produced in that proportions ,  so in that case ,  you need a good explanation of what really happens in a dragon stomach .  there are a lot of substances whit hydrogen in the nature but not the necessary to aloud an animal like that to fly ,  and the hydrogen does not appear from nothing ,  so it is impossible .  anyway ,  there is actually something worse ,  the idea of the platinum :  this element is more difficult to find than gold ,  and i cannot explain myself how dragons survive depending of that .  it is ridiculous ,  they present dragons like creatures with low chances of conquering the planet earth ,  but off course at least that explain why they got extincted .  probably cryptologist's call themselves scientists ,  but they are not .  people like them say lies like in this mockumentary ,  and what is worst ,  some people buy them .  but i do not think that a person who cares about science would believe in dragons after watching this .  those fake scientists waste their time . 
'dead letter office' is a low-budget film about a couple of employees of the australian postal service ,  struggling to rebuild their damaged lives .  unfortunately ,  the acting is poor and the links between the characters' past misfortunes and present mindsets are clumsily and over-schematically represented .  what's most disappointing of all ,  however ,  is the portrayal is life in the office of the film's title :  there's no mechanisation whatsoever ,  and it's quite impossible to ascertain what any of the staff really do for a living .  granted ,  part of the plot is that the office is threatened with closure ,  but this sort of office surely closed in the 1930s ,  if it ever truly existed .  it's a shame ,  as the film's overall tone is poignant and wry ,  and there's some promise in the scenario :  but few of the details convince .  overall ,  it feels the work of someone who hasn't actually experienced much of real life ;  a student film ,  with a concept and an outline ,  but sadly little else . 
let me begin by saying i am a big fantasy fan .  however ,  this film is not for me .  many far-fetched arguments are trying to support this film's claim that dragons possibly ever existed .  the film mentions connections in different stories from different countries ,  but fails to investigate them more thoroughly ,  which could have given the film some credibility .  the film uses  ( nice !  )  cgi to tell us a narrated fantasy story on a young dragon's life .  this is combined with popular-tv-show-csi-style flash-forwards to make it look like something scientific ,  which it is definitely not .  in many cases the arguments/clues are far-fetched .  in some cases ,  clues used to show dragons possibly existed ,  or flew ,  or spit fire are simply invalid .  to see this just makes me get cramp in my toes .  even a fantasy film needs some degree of reality in it ,  but this one just doesn't have it .  bottom line :  it's a pretentious fantasy-csi documentary ,  not worth watching . 
in the autobiographical coming-of-age tale  " romulus ,  my father ,  "  eric bana ,  of  " munich "  fame ,  plays an impoverished german émigré struggling to raise his son ,  raymond  ( kodi smit-mcphee )  ,  in rural 1960's australia .  the major obstacle to the family's stability and happiness is his wife ,  christina  ( franka potente )  ,  who flagrantly violates her wedding vows by shamelessly shacking up with other men .  despite her highly unconventional behavior ,  romulus refuses to grant her a divorce ,  masochistically torturing himself in the vain hope that she will one day return to him .  it is ,  unfortunately ,  the good-hearted and good-natured raimond who must bear witness to all this marital turmoil - and it is his memoir that serves as the basis for the movie  ( raimond gaita would later grow up to be an author )  .   even though i admire  " romulus ,  my father "  for what it is trying to do ,  i can't honestly say i enjoyed it ,  for while the film has some fine performances and serious intentions going for it ,  these simply aren't enough to counteract the dour storyline and funereal pacing ,  which leave the audience as despairing and depressed as the people on screen .  a serious slice-of-life drama is one thing ,  but this unremittingly downbeat wallow in adultery ,  insanity and multiple suicides  ( let alone attempted suicides )  is something else again . 
i just finished watching this movie and i found it was basically just not funny at all .   i'm an rpg gamer  ( computer type ,  none of the dnd tabletop stuff )  but i found none of the jokes in this funny at all .   some of the scenes seemed to drag out a lot  ( tilt and zoom could've been cut down to 5seconds rather than over a minute )  and it feels as though the director was just trying to fill in time .   i think i laughed a total of 2-3 times in the entire movie .   the acting itself wasn't all that bad ,  around the standard that a b grade movie should have .   i'd suggest not bothering with this movie unless you're a huge dnd fan and even then it would probably be best to steer clear of it . 
this movie is not funny .  it just takes the d&d nerd stereotypes and amplifies them .  all the main characters make less than 30k a year ,  they all live with their parents ,  they're all socially retarded ,  and they have no luck with women .  the jokes are horrible and unimaginative ,  such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a kkk looking hood on  ( it was his wizard costume )  and the other guy had on a john rocker warm up  ( oh how funny ,  he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports )  .  you may have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny .  poorly done mockmuntaries are so painful to watch ,  but obviously extremely cheap to make .  i feel sorry for kelly lebrock and beverly d'angelo .  i guess these are the only opportunities available for hotties way past their prime . 
this movie is just lame .  a total waste of time and money .  the jokes are predictable ,  the characters are so cliché and the way it talks about rpg gamers is not funny as well .  the problem is that the writers seems not to know how a rpg game works and ,  most important ,  how to make jokes about this game .  of course there are a bunch of losers who play rpg like freaking retards and total losers .  but for me this is not the funniest way to make jokes about this game .  the story doesn't make any sense at all .  who cares about how long a game is being played ?  the greatest problem in this movie is that the writers and actors didn't even try to know what rpg is about to make jokes about it .  i felt ashamed by watching this lame movie . 
i usually enjoy films like this .  it's shot documentary style ,  but the acting and writing are just awful .  the acting is wooden and stiff and the writing is just so cliché ,  but not at all in a good way .  as of typing this ,  i'm surprised it's at a 5 . 2/10 on imdb .  i'm certain that most of these votes must have come from relatives of people in the movie .  i suppose if that's the case ,  you might manage a couple of laughs ,  as it's always funny seeing your relatives/friends make a movie .  well ,  in a way ,  i guess this gives hope to all up and coming writers ,  directors ,  actors ,  etc .  ,  'cause if they can do it ,  you can do it .  although ,  maybe you shouldn't . 
i sat through this at gencon only because it was quiet and i could nap .  what a waste of time .  beverly d'angelo and william katt ?  wtf ?  were the lady who played flo and abe vigoda busy or something ?   truly ,  a piece of unfunny garbage .  the characters were stereotypical without meaning to  ( i think .  .  .  )  and wooden ,  most of them seemed like they were on autopilot .  the so-called  " hilarious "  situations described in some of the other so-called reviews were so hackneyed ,  i weeped for the writers .   i'm confused as to how anyone can find this worth their time ,  seriously .  i'm only giving it 3 out of 10 because in order to be a 2 or 1 ,  it would need to be either five-hours long or feature more kelly lebrock . 
i couldn't believe it when i put this movie in my dvd player .  i thought i'd have a good laugh ,  since i've played d&d for half my life .  i had to turn it off as i had company and they were wondering what the crap i was watching .   finished it later ,  and i should have just left it off at the soft-core gay clown porn in the beginning .  no ,  they run the gamut of fart jokes ,  cum jokes ,  incest ,  racism ,  dressing up as kkk .  .  .  this movie is flat out mean to anyone who's ever played d&d .   no wonder it looks like the real d&d wouldn't let them use their game .  who'd want their name attached to this ? 
this movie had a imdb rating of 8 . 1 so i expected much more from it .  it starts out funny and endearing with an energy that feels spontaneous .  but before the movie is half-way through ,  it begins to drag and everything becomes sickingly predictable .  the characters in the office were delightful in the first third of the movie ,  but we get to know them a little too well ;  they become caricatures ,  not real people at all .  this is the same story i've seen hundreds of times ,  only told here with slightly different circumstances .  the thing is ,  i could stomach another predictable love story if only the dialog weren't so stale !   the only thing that could be worse is if the characters had inconsistent and unbelievable motivations ,  and unfortunately that was also the case with dead letter office .  hopefully this movie will end up in the dead movie office soon . 
christopher guest need not worry ,  his supreme hold on the mockumentary sub-genre is not in trouble of being upstaged in the least especially not by this extremely unfunny jab at rpg-gamers .  the jokes are beyond lame .  not enough substance to last the typical length of a  ( particularly rancid )  snl skit ,  much less the 87 atrocious minutes i waisted watching this drivel .  the great william katt  ( greatest american hero ,  house )  deserves much much better .  one thing and one thing alone makes the fact that i saw this worth it in my mind and that's posting about it on here so hopefully just hopefully i'll save someone such a bad experience .   my grade :  d-   dvd extras :  2 audio commentaries ;  7 interviews with various cast members ;  4 deleted scenes ;  & theatrical trailer   dvd-rom extras :  2 wallpapers   easter egg :  highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene
as a gamer ,  i can't say i like this film .  fact is ,  i down right hate it .  i tried to watch it as open minded as possible ,  but when it gets down to it ,  it feels rather insulting to my social group .   to me ,  there are several reasons why .   1 .  the characters seem unnatural .  i've met lots of players ,  of all different walks of life .  i don't know any who act like any of the characters in the film .  it's like the producers of the film have taken the worst aspects of the worst stereotypes and put them all into 5 people .  most gamers are rather social people ,  some with rather active lives .   2 .  the style doesn't work .  the mockumentary style is ill suited to the subject matter of the film .  an actual documentary on gamers would actually work better .  while it is good looking  ( i . e .  cleanly put together )  ,  it isn't very good .   3 .  the dialogue feels forced ,  unnatural .  it also seems to lack any real world context .  gamers swear ,  i'll admit that ,  but we don't have tourette's syndrome .   4 .  the humor is lacking .  while self-deprecating humor is a mainstay of my group and several other groups i've encountered ,  this is less self-deprecation ,  and more like toilet humor .  likewise ,  a large part of gamer humor is full of in-jokes and anecdotes ,  not toilet humor .  most gamers would balk at and shun anybody who made such jokes .   5 .  the biggest problem to me is basically this :  accuracy .  i don't mean rules ,  but instead dynamics .  invariably ,  this film is going to be compared to the even lower budget films the gamers and the gamers :  dorkness rising ,  both of which portray the players as actual people playing an actual game .  the difference is ,  gamers :  the movie presents a situation where you want to beat the players senseless vs .  the gamers ,  where you can say something like :   " huh ,  i know a guy like that .  .  .  yep ,  that's definitely like gary .  " 
i picked up this movie in the hope it would be similar to the hilarious  " the gamers "  by dead gentlemen productions  ( which is highly recommendable ,  by the way )  .  boy ,  what a disappointment !  the movie is shot in this fake documentary style made famous by the office but it fails to deliver .  the reason is partly the stiff acting but mostly the writing and directing .  true ,  it can be funny to use every singe cliché there is about role playing games ,  but here it is done in such a way that it becomes extremely predictable .  already at the beginning of each scene you know what the  " joke "  will be about .  but maybe the biggest problem is that everything is depicted way over the top .  there is no subtlety in this movie ,  if there would be captions  " laugh now "  or a cheap 80s-style fake-laughter track it would not make much difference .  with some scenes you can't help to think  " yea ,  i get why they thought this would be funny "  but the way it is executed takes all momentum out of the possible joke . 
you want to see the movie  " the gamers "  by dead gentlemen productions .  this is not that movie .  this movie is not funny .  it is a waste of time .   all of the good comments here seem to be written by  ( poorly disguised )  false third parties .  the people who made this movie seem to be attempting to synthesize fake interest .   this movie is not a well done mockumentary .  comparisons to  " spinal tap "  or christopher guest are insulting .   the movie is so mean-spirited that i cannot imagine anyone familiar with the subject matter finding it funny .  being able to laugh at yourself is an important quality ,  but if you are the ones being lampooned in this manner ,  you'd have to hate yourself to enjoy it .   the movie is not offensive because of its grand satire of taboo topics but because of its constant pathetic banality . 
saw a screener of this before last year's award season ,  didn't really know why they gave them out after the voting had ended ,  but whatever ,  maybe for exposure ,  at the least ,  but the movie was a convoluted mess .  sure ,  some parts were funny in a black humor kind of way ,  but none of the characters felt very real to me at all .  there was not one person that i could connect with ,  and i think that is where it failed for me .  sure ,  the plot is somewhat interesting and very subversive towards scientology ,  wow !  what a grand idea .  .  . let's see if that already hasn't been mined to the point of futility .  the whole ordeal feels fake ,  from the lighting ,  the casting ,  the screenplay to the horrible visual effects ( which is supposed to be intentional ,  i can tell ,  and so can everyone else ,  no one is laughing with you though )  .  anyways ,  i hope it makes it out for sale on dvd at least ,  i wouldn't want a project that a lot of people obviously put a lot of effort into get completely unnoticed .  but it's tripe either way .  boring tripe at that . 
i almost never comment on movies ,  but i saw the 5 glowing reviews of this  " movie "  and decided i had to weigh in with my own review .  an instructor of mine received this film in the mail ,  mixed in with his academy screeners  ( ampas ,  aka the guys who vote on the oscars )  ,  and was so floored with how terribly constructed this movie was that he brought it in to our class to demonstrate to us how not to put together a movie .   this film has no plot ,  the scenes are horribly ,  horribly edited  ( oftentimes using faux  " 24 "  style picture-in-picture techniques )  ,  and the performances  ( particularly the lead ,  who even fails at acting like a bad actress )  are for the most part ,  obnoxious .  someone truly failed to understand the point of an introduction ,  namely ,  the setting up of the plot .  there is no setup !  halfway through the movie neither myself nor the rest of the class knew what this movie was supposed to be about .  the opening crane shot ,  which sets up some kind of murder ,  is never addressed ,  and now that i think about it ,  was possibly meant to be a flash-forward ,  with the rest of the film being a flashback ,  but it cuts from that scene directly to the next without any indication as such .   bah ,  i could really go on and on .  at the very least ,  this movie gives me renewed confidence in my own film-making ability . 
didn't care for the movie ,  the book was better .  does anyone know where it was filmed ?  *** this was my first visit to your site .  .  . just found the answer to my question .  so now i look like a dummy ,  but i think i'll still submit my comments .  and yes ,  british columbia is lovely ***or why they took it from its south carolina coastal setting ?  ( this question stands )  the place was essential to the fabric of the book and its change was part of my disappointment with the movie .  oh ,  i just read where i need to write at least ten lines .  here's my other main issue with the film .  kim bassinger was too vapid and not at all what i pictured from the book .  i know ,  the book was the book and the movie ;  well not so good .  i found the character in the book much more empathetic .  also the book evoked rustic ,  almost primitive images of the monastery .  while the  " castle "  in the film was much more visually impressive ,  it distorted the feel of the story and seemed at odds with the characters . 
i had several problems with the movie :     ( 1 )  the screenplay -- specifically ,  kim basinger's voice over :  movies are not books ;  they should *show* the action rather than have a voice over *tell* us what's happening .  occasionally i find a movie with a voice over that works ,  but here it seemed more of a lazy way of writing the script .  in fact ,  it sounded to me as if she was practically reading excerpts from the novel in her voice over .    ( 2 )  i felt no emotion in the relationship between jessie and brother thomas and also felt that alex carter's acting was pretty bad .  that's a significant failure for me in defining jessie's and thomas' characters -- with no connection between them ,  it seemed to me as if she just wanted a stud and that for him it was a matter of being sex-deprived .  if it had been properly done ,  the relationship between them would have given much more context to the story .    ( 3 )  with the book ,  i understood jessie's mid-life crisis .  in the movie ,  it seemed more like just plain boredom .   on the plus side ,  i didn't think the movie was so bad as for me to turn off the tv  .   .   .  though that thought did occur to me . 
and shot in vancouver with the 'mountains' of the low country of south carolina visible in the background .  for heaven's sake ,  they should have reset the location .  there are no coastal mountains in south carolina .  period .   lame visuals .  they should have been beautiful .  and the story limped along .   i really don't understand why it was such a hit as a book ,  although i have to admit it's one i haven't read as yet .  usually i read the book and give the film a miss .  there was nothing in this movie that made me want to buy the book ,  or even borrow it from the library .   verdict :  the mermaid chair seemed pretty shallow to moi . 
kind of hard to believe that the movie from this book could succeed in topping its awfulness !  the plot is so contrived and unbelievable .   .   .  starting with laying a ton of guilt on a small child to spare her pain !  then we have the collusive behavior of at least six and maybe more people ( including clergy )  involved in what is a crime everywhere .  next we have a wife who seemingly in the length of a ferry ride goes from being comparatively happy to very shortly kicking over the traces .  a very unpleasant and coo coo mother ,  aided ,  abetted and supported by a politically correct group of friends !  moving the setting from an island off the coast of south carolina ,  did not help the story although it may have helped the film makers budget .  the very beautiful buildings supposedly housing the monastery did not seem to logically suit an island small enough to need golf carts and such a small ferry service .  kim basinger whom i do really like is painfully thin in this movie and her hairdo certainly belongs in another decade .  also there is simply no chemistry at all between her and either of the male leads .  i thoroughly disliked the book from which this was taken but did read it all .  the movie i kept surfing back and forth to ,  had to leave whenever that saccharine music got too much .  unless you like an unbelievable story ,  wooden acting ,  a contorted mixture of religious/mythological/allegory my advice is to skip this one .  oh and maybe a small carping criticism ,  but wouldn't a caring father have a life jacket on a small child on a small boat ?  the best part of this movie is the scenery
i watched it with my mom and we were like .  .  .   what the hell ?  we didn't get it at all .  i may have this wrong ,  but a chair had something to do with the death of this woman's father .  that movie was terrible !  this is not a movie for those who love a good suspense movie .  bad suspense movie !  *shakes cane at movie* i'm never seeing it again .  and i'm a big fan of lifetime movies ,  too !  they kinda need to quit trying to make movies outta books .  it's driving me crazy !  !  !   and whit was butt-ugly and yet ,  she loves him more than hugh ,  who was a tiny bit nicer-looking .   my rating :  1/10
a fabulous book about a fox and his family who does what foxs do .  that being stealing from farms and killing prey .  until a trio of farmers decide they've had enough of this fox and try in various ways to have the problem  " solved "  .  they are of course  " out foxed "  at every turn and while the trio are camped out at the fox hole the family perform raids against the three farmers land .   the " film "  version  , and i use the term film very loosely ,  is more of a god awful pastiche of american heist movies particularly the oceans movies .  they they even have george clooney as mr fox to to add to the insult and manage to miss the point of the story quite completely .  so kudos to them  . they'll make lots of money and destroy another classic roald dahl children book . 
you know all those letters to  " father christmas "  and  " jesus "  that are sent every year ?  well ,  it turns out that they are not actually delivered but dropped off in a half-forgotten corner of the post office to rot unless some bright spark figures out a way of posting them .  as bizarre settings go ,  it's a winner and one which perfectly fits the strange movie that is  " dead letter office "  .  having said that ,  this is obviously an australian film as opposed to a british one .  if it was royal mail ,  most letters get this sort of treatment anyway .  i haven't been in this flat for two years and we're still getting letters for a mr wang ,  some female priest of the church of latter day i've-never-heard-of-you and various catalogues for industrial equipment addressed to a plumbing company .    " dead letter office "   ( the name given to the place where undeliverable mail ends up )  follows the story of alice  ( miranda otto )  who grows up in a seriously divided home .  writing to her absent father ,  she only learns in adulthood that her letters haven't been delivered for one reason or another .  so ,  logically ,  she gets a job at the d . l . o .  and finds herself working alongside other social rejects including the brooding chilean immigrant frank lopez  ( george del hoyo )  .  slowly ,  she finds herself drawn to him but can she find out where her dad is without bringing the self-contained world of the dead letters office to its knees ?   nothing against this film but i was reminded of the god-awful heather graham film  " committed "  while watching this .  however ,  this is so much better than that pile of horse crap but then again ,  that ain't difficult .  for a start ,  this film is much more logical .  true ,  the metaphors are somewhat blatant and the underflowing symbolism quickly becomes a flood .  but at least this is cohesive and quirky without being complete drivel .  it is also well acted .  both otto and del hoyo are very good as the lovers looking for something they know they'll never find while other characters are peripheral at best .  part of the trouble is that it seems to wrap up far too quickly ,  leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed .  the other part is that when you consider australia's draconian immigration policy  ( i . e .  if you don't speak english ,  rack off !  )  ,  such a story is unlikely to take place in reality .  the other characters ,  sadly ,  also help to destabilise the realism by proving to be little more than odd-ball stereotypes .   despite that ,   " dead letter office "  is certainly something a little different .  it might not be to everyone's taste but i liked it .  yes ,  it was hackneyed and predictable but sometimes ,  it's nice to watch a film without guns or violence or heavy-duty swearing and nudity  ( no chance of that in an australian film )  .  there ain't any major laughs ,  there's no bullet time and the characters are usually one-dimensional .  but it's the story that counts here and while it's not earth-shattering in its magnificence ,  it's a pleasant enough way of passing the time .  it's the movie equivalent of a sheryl crow cd - nice to listen to now and again but you wouldn't really miss it if it wasn't there . 
brilliant technology .  but what good does it do if the content is hollow and foolish .  i have left after < than 30 minutes of watching ,  being bored and irritated .    the theatre administration returned my money ,  but the time waisted and aggravation remained .  i have been had and no thanks to the stars whose names were the main attraction .    george ,  meryl ,  bill - i hope you were well paid .  you might have even liked it .  so i apologies for my limited mind .  a lot of people seemed to like it too .  look at the comments .  oh well .  .  .   wish to know - what is remotely redeeming in a story about mr fox the husband ,  the father ,  the citizen ,  the  .  .  . whatever . 
i went in not knowing anything about this movie and i walked out in an half hour knowing everything about it .  it was one of worst movies i've ever seen .  i'm a generally a nice person but if somebody told me they liked this movie ,  i would probably never talk to them again .  anybody who likes it throughly is most likely to have an extremely dry ,  hermit type personality .  i'm gonna also include that they think they are pretty intelligent too ,  just like the self-centered fart bags who do the voices for the movie .  i know everyone has different types of humor ,  some people may not even like mine ,  but that's okay ;  i don't think this covers any range of humor though .  this movie is as flat and dull as wes anderson's mind .  go in and get ready to walk out ;  it's best to get your money back too . 
fantastic mr .  fox is a comedy based on the classic roald dahl book .  wes anderson directs ,  and respectably takes the short book of the same name to the big screen in a full length film .  while i respect what anderson ,  an incredibly talented man did ,  the film seemed to have gotten lost in its own clever spirit .  anderson seems to have left the story behind knowing that he is a talented man ,  and if this happened to be a bad film ,  it would be his first bad film .  just like when you go to school and have your first bad day ,  this is anderson's first bad day in film making ,  so i am going to let him off easy .  i will admit it did have a cleverness and nice spirit to it ,  and the animation is nice ,  but the film gets progressively harder to get into ,  leaving the story behind and having random shots of random things happening .  the characters are good ,  also .  jason schwartzman voices mr .  fox  ( george clooney ) 's smart ass son ,  ash ,  and especially engaging .  the film does not quite make it up to a level of terribleness ,  but it certainly gets closer and closer as it goes along .  i'm sure wes anderson will get back on track with another amazing film when and where he decides to make another film ,  but for now ,  i'm sorry ,  wes anderson ,  this film of yours was a big disappointment . 
there has been a lot of love that has been put into wes anderson's  " fantastic mr fox "  ,  unfortunately all the love is for himself .  granted ,  there has been a lot of time and effort been put into making this ever so self-consciously quirky universe but if only the same time and effort had been put into the script to try and make it funny .  the worrying thing is that i think it was ,  and this is the best that wes anderson could come up with .   the animation is good in the close-up shots of the animals ,  however when the camera is further away everything becomes really harsh on the eyes and to be perfectly honest looks like a bit of a mess .  there wasn't really anything special about the acting either ,  with wes opting to choose his buddies and big names over more specialised voice actors that could have probably made the film better .  i'm pretty sure george clooney's voice acting resume consists of two cameo appearances in south park ,  one of them where he played a dog .   the film is too smug and trying way too hard to be clever and different and is typically ,  despite the film being set in england ,  all the good animals are typical americans playing baseball ,  whilst the bad guys are stereotypical english with the most insulting english accents .  i cannot stress how much of a waste of time this film is .  i didn't laugh once . 
after viewing the film ,  i was truly shocked to see such a high rating on imdb .   'the fantastic mr .  fox' is an adaption of a beloved children's classic ,  portraying the story of the smooth ,  slick protagonist mr .  fox  ( or 'foxy' )  as he attempts one 'last' heist to steal from the dreaded boggins ,  bunce and bean .  that's right ,  one short ,  one fat ,  one lean ,  or however it goes .   i don't quite know where to start with my criticism .   well ,  i'm in my late teens and was never a fan of roald dahl ,  but i like his material well enough ,  having read a few of his books as a child and seen matilda and charlie and the chocolate factory over and over again .  this film ,  however ,  struggles for an audience .  is it aimed at children ?  adults ?  i'm still unsure !  many of the 'jokes' would bore a child ,  especially as mr .  fox visits a lawyer for example ,  or complains about being poor .  also ,  an audience of  ( i'm assuming )  children is expected to sympathise with a character who steals and kills chickens .  i'm all for the food chain ,  but you practically see mr .  fox biting down on their necks !  surely that's a bit much ?  and also ,  the plot .  .  .  well ,  it's kind of boring .  i stayed only with the hope of it getting better ,  but instead i just got more and more annoyed at mr fox and his son ash for making stupid decisions .   the humour ,  meanwhile ,  falls flat .  i laughed only once or twice ,  even though i specifically recognised attempts at jokes .  i think part of it is that the voice acting is so incredibly flat and monotoned .  the voice actors have no sense of comic timing ,  instead aiming for the subtlety of humour that only works with certain mediums .  george clooney aims to portray mr .  fox as charming and sleek ,  but his voice has no character .  meryl streep shows no emotion ,  i didn't even realise bill murray had a role until the end credits ,  and ash ,  twelve-years old in fox-years ,  sounds like he's about 30 .   i love animation ,  particularly stop motion ,  but the visual style actually creeped me out a little bit .  characters are tall ,  spindly and lacking any warmth of design .  they move with very little fluidity and often the animation is jerky and strange .  there is also a distinctive 'mixed medium' feel ,  as 2d components are added in sporadically and unsuccessfully .  characters look straight at the camera and talked ;  it was very awkward .  there was one or two moments when kylie looked straight at the camera ,  didn't move and had swirls on his eyeballs .  it actually freaked me out .   fantastic mr .  fox had so much potential .  lots of people still seem to like it - look at the reviews .  maybe it just wasn't for me . 
i saw this movie way back at the first theatrical release ,  in a justifiably empty theater .  believe it or not ,  after decades of watching movies ,  this one still sticks clearly in my mind as the worst movie of all time ;  or at least the worst that i would allow myself to watch .   the acting is far beneath the standard set by any random group of drunken high-school students yanked off the street and forced to learn their lines in 5 minutes or less .   after the first shock of disbelief ,  we laughed for a while as each scene hit new lows .  but after a while ,  even that dubious pleasure wore off and it just got to be really sad . 
bo derek's debut film remained unseen for eight years  and that's how it should stayed !  john derek was a competent actor but ,  as a director ,  he's virtually the ed wood of erotic cinema  not that this is especially explicit ,  considering that bo  ( atypically sporting dark hair )  was only 16 when the film was made !  john also wrote and photographed it ;  the latter results in some decent footage of the greek island setting against which the narrative is set  but the plotting is puerile and the dialogue atrocious !    the character played by male lead peter hooten has been brought up with bo's family :  they grew up as brother and sister but ,  now in their teens ,  the couple discover they're attracted to one another  ( but ,  as i said ,  don't expect any sexual fireworks !  )  .  still ,  the worst thing about this is the fact that the protagonists each harbor an obsession all through the film which are not only silly in themselves but irritating in their relentlessness  hooten wants to turn the remote fishing community into a modernized sea-side resort and keeps expecting a cruise-liner to appear into view  ( which ,  of course ,  it does at the finale )  ;  derek's is even nuttier  she craves possession of a large antique bath-tub !  !  for the record ,  the couple are married by the end of the film .   also involved in the non-events are the female town mayor and a photographer lothario who wants to make a model out of bo  ( and who ,  naturally ,  incurs the wrath of the jealous hooten )  .  occasionally ,  for no very good reason ,  we're even treated to snippets from the screening of old hollywood classics in an open-air movie house to which the whole town assembles  ( among the titles shown is the public enemy [1931] )  !  at the end of the day ,  while bo's naivete throughout is undeniably charming ,  it's not enough to offset the film's overwhelming dullness and amateurishness . 
this movie offers nothing to anyone .  it doesn't succeed on any level .  the acting is horrible ,  dull long-winded dribble .  they obviously by the length of the end sex scene were trying to be shocking but just ended up being pretty much a parody of what the film was aiming for .  complete garbage ,  i can't believe what a laughable movie this was .    and i'm very sure rosario dawson ended up in this film cause she though this would be her jarring break away indi hit ,  a wowing nc-17 movie .  the problem is no adult is going to stick with this film as the film plays out like a uninteresting episode of the oc or something aimed at teens .  pathetic . 
there are exactly 2 good things to be said about  " fantasies "   ( both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well )  :    a )  bo derek's extraordinary ,  poetry-inspiring beauty .  she has shots in this movie where she gives even catherine zeta-jones a run for her money ,  and that's a high compliment indeed .  her nudity is brief and discreet ,  but just looking at her face is enough .   b )  the greek island setting ,  with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters .   other than that ,  there is no story ,  the dialogue is abysmal and at times unintentionally funny  (  " he touched you where you're a woman !  "  )  ,  and peter hooten's character is a slimy jerk .  bo overplays the naivete of her character ,  but then again when you have to work with dialogue this bad it's unfair to blame the actors  ( the fact that she kept saying the name  " damir "  in almost every sentence is a major irritation )  .  oh ,  and although the film is set on a greek island ,  there is hardly a greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there ,  from kids to old people ,  speaks english the whole time .   ( * ) 
reasons to watch the movie :   1 )  bo derek at 16 looks good and occasionally gets naked .  she does a pretty good job playing an immature ,  insecure 16 year old beauty ,  in fact  2 )  many shots of a pretty greek island  but :   1 )  peter hooten turns in the worst performance by an actor since brutus played caeser's friend in  " roman senate proceedings of march 15 .  "  he delivers each and every line in a delightful baritone bellow .  turn down the volume whenever he speaks .  preferably all the way down  2 )  bo's fantasies are sadly tame ,  especially by today's standards .  a few turns in the bath and as a fully clothed model  3 )  the plot is skimpier than bo's costumes
i have been a fan of without a trace from the premier episode .  i really cannot express my disappointment in the episode last week .  this is a real problem that far too many afican-american families have dealt with and continue to deal with .  the lack of media coverage crucial in the first 48 hours has been documented by a recent study .  law enforcement including local  ,  state ,  and federal are also complicit .  what was the purpose of advertising this subject matter and then copping out on the ending ?  seemingly ,  television can deal with almost any subject matter except race .  this is shameful . get it together or don't explore it next time . 
he only gets third billing  ( behind arthur treacher & virginia field )  ,  but this was effectively david niven's first starring role and he's charmingly silly as p .  g .  wodehouse's dunderheaded bertie wooster ,  master  ( in name only )  to jeeves ,  that most unflappable of valets .  as an adaptation ,  it's more like a watered-down the 39 steps than a true wodehousian outing .  and that's too bad since the interplay between treacher & niven isn't too far off the mark .  alas ,  the 'b' movie mystery tropes & forced comedy grow wearisome even at a brief 57 minutes .  next year's follow-up  ( step lively ,  jeeves )  was even more off the mark ,  with no bertie in sight and jeeves  ( of all people !  )  forced to play the goof . 
this is peter falk's film .  period .   i was 10 years old when this film came out ;  i was already a film maven at the time .  of course neither my parents nor i saw this film when it came out ,  but i was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was an important film .  okay ,  34 years later i've finally seen the film--having never seen any cassavetes-directed film previously .  he's a hack ,  overall .  zero sense of timing ,  editing .  gena's performance reminds me too much of dustin hoffman's stint in  " rain man "  :  technically on par but entirely one-note .  as tom cruise stole  " rain man ,  "  falk takes the cake for this film .   i was annoyed with gena's performance ,  really throughout--it seemed better suited for  " awakenings "   ( blecch !  )  .  it's not all her fault :  she's a basket case from first scene to last .  we never find out why ?  ?  but falk's character seems real & is performed wonderfully by falk as a seriously flawed man .   shave off at least an hour  ( an editor needed !  )  ,  and this would have been an arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple ,  cro-magnon ,  man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work .   i'd rather remember cassavetes for  " the dirty dozen "  or  " rosemary's baby .  "  he would have been a better director had he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film .   bob
cassavetes was clearly an intelligent ,  sensitive man with bold new ideas about making films .  he wanted to be an auteur ,  to break away from the confines of the system and bring a new realism to the american cinema .  for that ,  i applaud him .   unfortunately ,  as a member of his audience ,  i cannot applaud a woman under the influence .  cassavetes took what could have been a fascinating topic  ( an insane woman )  and somehow managed to craft a dull film ,  filled with lengthy ,  ad-libbed ranting and drawn-out scenes .  he seems to have had a gift for capturing the dullest moments of a person's life on film ,  and it often appears as though he simply turned the camera on his family and let the motor run and run .  this tactic would be acceptable if cassavetes had captured something devastatingly real -- or even a kernel of something so real it touched the heart in ways a conventional film could not .  yet i found the performances ,  particularly rowlands' ,  to be artificial .  i never believed for a moment that she was really insane .  i have met people who are truly mentally disturbed ,  yet i've never seen any of them act quite like gena rowlands in a woman under the influence .  she played it like a very obnoxious ,  uninhibited woman who drinks a lot ,  and even that was confusing because we only see her drink once  ( at the beginning )  ,  but she acts drunk for the remainder of the film .  there are some moments in which she taps into something real ,  but those moments are few and far between ;  she fails to sustain a seamless mentally disturbed character .  again ,  i applaud her efforts ,  but effort alone is not enough to make the performance ring true .   novice audiences who happen upon this film and see its high imdb rating will no doubt feel compelled to love it and rate it highly ,  just to prove that they 'get it . ' but don't be brainwashed by the hype -- judge for yourself .  you don't have to pretend to like it .   like woody allen ,  john cassavetes could be accused of solipsism in his film-making ,  seeming to find his own psyche and his own life experiences so endlessly fascinating that he couldn't imagine that to others they appeared presumptive and tortuously self-indulgent .  but woody allen at least has demonstrated a gift for keeping an audience entertained -- he knows that a compelling story structure and a good dose of humor are essential to any movie .  if cassavetes had employed some self-discipline  ( and a sharp pair of editing shears !  )  ,  a woman under the influence could have stood a chance .  but what's the point of making a 'realistic' film if the only people who can stand to sit through it are the art-house devotees and film students who worship cassavetes as some sort of anti-establishment deity ?  without dumbing anything down ,  i believe cassavetes could have made a woman slightly more accessible by keeping the pace moving with an actual plot ,  instead of presenting a string of 30 minute-long scenes of ad-libbed arguments .  if you just make films for yourself and a few of your fans ,  you're just reaching the already converted .  watch this movie with your own set of eyes and make your own decisions about it .  if you are truly moved and fascinated by it ,  good for you . 
from actor and independent writer/director john cassavetes ,  a woman under the influence gives the viewer a look at a working class family with a problem of mental instability .  the husband ,  nick  ( played by peter falk )  is a blue collar worker who has trouble showing his wife ,  mabel  ( played by gena rowlands )  the amount of attention that she deserves .  from the onset of the film ,  it is obvious that mabel is very quirky and strange ,  but only a few minutes later it is clear that she is much more than that .  crazy .  bonkers .  out of her damn mind .  nick tries his hardest to hide this from his co-workers ,  and after she has a particularly strange incident at dinner ,  he asks her if she'll be okay ,  as if he's trying to deny mabel's illness .  her problem only spirals from there .   i did find some particular problems with this film .  i guess these problems were mostly present in the story ,  and the way some of the character acted toward the end .  mabel has been committed ,  because ,  frankly ,  she's nuts .  then ,  six months later ,  she's ready to come out of the hospital ,  and her husband throws a party to welcome her back .  he never acts stupid in the beginning of the movie .  why would he invite all these people ,  some of them strangers to mabel ,  over to his house when his wife is in such a fragile state ?  it's simply idiotic .  later ,  after mabel comes in the house ,  mabel's father has a huge outburst at nick ,  screaming at the top of his lungs about not wanting to eat spaghetti .  his daughter has just gotten back from six months of rehabilitation ,  and the thing you want to do is keep her calm ,  and he goes nuts over spaghetti ?  a few minutes later in the film ,  nick brings mabel into the stairwell and forces her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable ;  make her weird noises and gestures .  didn't he send her there to make her better and not do those things ?  there were various other parts that occurred after this ,  but it would just be redundant to look at them in more detail .  i guess i just had a serious problem with the decision by cassavetes to have his characters act in this way .  it simply didn't make sense .   however ,  although i had problems with the ending of the film ,  there was one aspect that really redeemed it ;  the acting .  gena rowlands played an amazing crazy woman .  there were times when i forgot she was acting ,  where i got so caught up in her wild gesticulations and crazy talk that i was actually scared of her .  she was amazingly convincing and intense .  however ,  i was also impressed by the rest of mabel's family .  peter falk played a very strange character ,  and i almost thought he was crazy himself ,  because of the awkward way he handled his children ,  his job ,  and especially the situation with his wife .  i also usually don't appreciate child actors .  but the young people who played nick and mabel's children in this film were phenomenal .  it really felt like they were mabel's children ,  because they seemed so attached to her and were so interesting in helping her with her problem .  i think their performances are one of the things that kept this film together ,  and without them it would have made the film less realistic and less intense .   in general i wasn't impressed by this film .  the story was jumbled and unclear ,  and the characters acted in ways that made me wonder who wasn't insane in the movie .  the only saving grace were brilliant lead acting roles of the longhetti family .  their realistic dialogue and powerful acting kept the film together ,  and are probably the only reason the film has ever amounted to anything . 
in a woman under the influence mabel goes crazy ,  but i can see why she does go crazy .  if i lived the kind of life she lived with the family she has i would go crazy too .  everyone in her family is off their rocker and not completely with it .  she is constantly surrounded by people yelling at her and telling her what is best for herself and people that aren't the sharpest knifes in the drawer .   to start with the one person closest to her in her life ,  her husband ,  nick ,  is a little off his rocker .  he is always yelling at her when he is home telling her how to live her life and to stop acting like an imbecile .  the rest of the time he is working long hours at his job and he isn't there to support her when she needs support .  the one person in her life that should always be there for her is never there and if he is ,  he is just making her feel worse .  she relies on him for support and always goes to him first when she feels she is acting wrong and he does nothing to support her .  when she comes home from the hospital all he does is tell her how to act ,  instead of comforting her ,  he just yells at her and tells her what to do .   the other major people in her life are her parents .  her parents do nothing in her life for her .  mabel basically runs their lives because they are afraid to stand up to her and stand up for her .  in the end she even asks her father to stand up for her and he doesn't understand ,  and when he does get it he still does nothing .  they do nothing to help mabel recover or to keep her from going crazy because they do nothing for her period .  the only person that tries to do something for her is nick's mom .  nick's mom is adamant about having mabel committed .  she doesn't want to have nick deal with it so she has the doctor commit her .  it seems as though everyone is against mabel and they feel that having her committed is a good idea because then they won't have to deal with it anymore .  they all want to live their own lives and do nothing for mabel except for yell at her and make her feel like she is doing something wrong when she really isn't .  that is why she went crazy ,  and why she had to be committed ,  it was her family's entire fault . 
another rape of history  this movie is a catastrophe ;  it just uses a historic story and makes a sweet love story ,  with bad acting and low budget production .   the movie should be 1/3 the time ,  they just dragged the time to make a mini series .   the battle scenes are so stupid and illogical ,  the solders log stupid ,  the costumes a catastrophe .  the romans were good in fighting in opened areas ,  one of their armies was completely destroyed by the germans when they tried to fight in a forest ,  in this movie the romans choose to fight in side the city ,  i mean get real .   and by the way cleopatra was from a macedonian origin ,  which means a light skinned person . 
i think the biggest disappointment in this film was that ,  right until the end ,  i expected the acting instructors of the cast to break in and apologize for how poor the acting was .  when you consider the powerful subject ,  the brilliant scenery and the effort made in creating a wonderful set and spectacular images ,  it is a shame that little attention was given to acting .   
why is it that any film about cleopatra ,  the last phaoroh brings out the worst in movie making ?  whatever attraction the woman had for the greatest roman of them all ,  julius ceasar ,  and his successor ,  mark anthony ,  never seems to come across on the screen as other than the antics of over sexed high school seniors .  despite lavish sets and costumes ,  this movie is as bad as any italian  " sandals and toga "  extravaganza of the 50's .  admittedly ,  this kind of spectacular belongs on the big screen ,  which is why  " gladiator "  went over well ,  but  " gladiator "  did not have all the romance novel sex .   miss varela has as little acting talent as elizabeth taylor ,  but timothy dalton has talent to spare .  pity some of it didn't wash off on the others . 
i only hope that no classicists/ancient historians saw  " cleopatra "  ,  or ,  if they did ,  that they took it as a laugh .  the movie is horrendously inaccurate ,  more laughably ,  even ,  than  " gladiator "   ( which is at least a well-written script whose historical errors are articulate and correspond well to the story )  .  most blatant is octavius ,  caesar's heir ,  in the senate before caesar's assassination :  at the ripe old age of 19 !   besides this ,  the acting is mediocre .  timothy dalton has more than a hint of james bond in him when he says ,   " caesar .  julius caesar .  "  billy zane is a laughably dense marc antony .  and leonor varela tries her best to be the seductive pharaoh  ( who in real life was not good-looking at all )  but comes off as unbelievable .   so this is a warning for all historians--this movie is not true to life ! 
i missed the beginning of this film ,  which might account for why i disliked it so much .  on the other hand i've studied the fall of the roman republic for years so i know the story .  then again ,  that might also be the reason why i disliked this film .   the film has more historical inaccuracies than extras .  though it's so inaccurate that i don't think they made an attempt for it to be correct ,  in which case it can be forgiven .  the odd thing is that they sometimes go to great lengths to be historically accurate that it ends up getting confusing .  like throwing in antonius' marriage to octavia ,  and then pushing it aside two scenes later .  why even bring it up if it serves no purpose for the plot and octavia is never even seen ?  and like calling antonius by his actual name  ( marcus antonius )  in some scenes ,  and by his strange english name mark antony in other scenes .   though historical inaccuracies aside ,  the film could still have been an entertaining watch if it wasn't for the leading lady .  there isn't an ounce of dignity in her .  she's hysterical ,  dramatical ,  and completely lacking control of herself .  instead of being a clever and composed queen cleopatra turns into a hysterical teenager with a bad case of pms .  95% of that comes from the poor acting ,  but 5% is also from poor script writing .  far too many stupid dramatic scenes are written into the script .  sometimes you weren't watching antonius and cleopatra ,  you were watching immature versions of dawson and joey from  " dawson's creek "  .   if you want to watch something about this period ,  watch .  .  .  anything but this . 
okay so i found out about this movie and i watched the preview read almost all the reviews and was having a hard time debating whether i should watch it or not .  before i even watched the movie i was emotionally weird on it .  i was so unsure if i was going to watch this and be disturbed for like a long time .  so i choose to risk it and watched it and heres what i thought :  the beginning started off fine for me .  it seemed to be heading in a decent direction .  got past the rape scene and i couldn't figure why people were so disturbed or bored by the movie .  don't get me wrong the rape scene was just as sad and scary but it didn't really bother me to a dramatic point .  then as the middle came in i understood the boring stuff that was going on .  there was like 5 minutes shots of nothing but people walking around saying or showing nothing !  its one thing to have a shot where a person is showing some kind of emotion but this movie didn't have that .  it had about 3 of these pointless scenes ,  where you see the main character maya kind of get out of control but it didn't show it right making me want to fast forward .  then when she engaged in the hardcore partying it wasn't so boring but still a little dull .  oh and as a note rosario dawson still did a great job .  okay moving on so finally after an hour of pointlessness to the middle the revenge comes to maya's attention .  thats where it got disturbing .  i didn't feel bad for him or nothing he got what he deserved but the whole scene was really disturbing and i just felt all eck after it .  i cant really tell you whether or not to watch this movie because its so .  .  . i don't know i cant find a word to sum it up .  but if you choose to watch it just don't be unsuprised . 
if this book remained faithful to the book then we can only assume that the author was ignorant of history .  mark anthony never died of injuries obtained in battle as depicted .  he died a coward's death by committing suicide and even then ,  he asked his slave to do it for him .  the slave chose to kill himself instead .  in the real story mark anthony was ashamed by the slave's great valor and decided to copy him .  but even in death mark anthony was a drunken failure and failed at his own suicide attempt .  he cried out for cleopatra and was taken to her ,  bleeding .  she hauled his litter up on ropes and mark anthony died a while later .  if you want history don't watch this movie .  if you want romantic drivel then you will probably enjoy it ! 
the dvd version consists of 2 episodes ,  the parricide of caesar being the juncture .  in addition ,  the language was spanish without subtitles .  hence ,  it's hard for me to review in depth this movie because because i didn't understand what was said .   cleopatra being an historic icon ,  the part is very difficult and i found that for a newcomer ,  leonor varela just plays fine .  she is strong-willed but also a very supportive ,  tender soul mate .  thimothy dalton as caesar is perfect and their romance is the main thing of the first episode .  so ,  it is not really a documentary ,  nor a peplum but a great love story .   after the parricide ,  a new lover comes  ( marc-antoine )  but the flavor is gone :  we remember always our first love .  so ,  i found the second episode dull and their tragic fate isn't told powerfully .   nonetheless ,  the production is luxurious :  the sets are big ,  tastefully decorated ;  the moroccan live location exotic and the wardrobes splendid .  the producers have a lot of money for sure ,  but they spend nothing on the special effects .  they are so poor  ( blue screens ,  ships ,  sphinx )  that it's funny .   finally ,  i would like very much to hear it in french or english to make a definitive opinion about this two movies . 
i found this a good movie to pass your time ,  but not by any chance of any historical value .  the portrayal of cleopatra reminded me a cheap soap opera .   the twist of the facts is .  .  .  funny !  she gave birth while feeding her people !  ?  !  ?  o please .  .  .  a pregnant queen of egypt  ( especially this one )  would not bother to go from one room to the other for that reason !  they tried to make her appear a saint for god's sake !  and the way they tried to justify her murdering her own sister .  .  .  beyond description .   cleopatra was the greatest politician of her time .  her decisions were based anything but her feelings and morals .  she did everything for only two reasons :  power and self-preservation !  she was borne in a family where she had to straggle for survival ,  something she did very well .  anything that stood on her way was either murdered  ( her brothers and sister )  or seduced  ( ceasar and mark anthony )  .   unfortunately octavian was too powerful to kill and too .  .  .  gay to be seduced .  so ,  he was her end .  .  . 
this version of  " moby dick "  insults the audience by claiming it is based on melville's novel-even going so far as to show a phony first chapter sentence rather than the famous  " call me ishmael "  .  in addition to having atrocious acting ,  even from john barrymore , this is perhaps the greatest example of how far hollywood  ( especially early hollywood )  would go to revise and change a famous novel just to beef up its chances at the box office . all of the novel's beautiful , poetic language has been absolutely eradicated ,  and ahab has been changed from a brooding , blasphemous , obsessive madman to a dashing , misunderstood hero who only wants to kill moby dick after his fiance (  !  )  turns away from him after seeing his wooden leg .  to this is added the standard evil brother who wants the fiance for himself ,  and a different ending ! 
necessarily ridiculous film version the literary classic  " moby dick "  .  john barrymore is captain ahab ,  who falls in love with the pastor's daughter ,  joan bennett .  his brother derek is a rival for ms .  bennett's affections .  when mr .  barrymore loses his leg in a whaling accident ,  bennett rejects him .  he must slay the whale and win bennett back .  .  .   there are several scenes which may have thrilled 1930 theater audiences ;  particularly the scenes involving barrymore losing his leg .  the film hasn't aged well ,  however ;  there are much better films from the time ,  both 1920s silents and 1930s talkies .  the two name attractions ,  john barrymore and joan bennett aren't at their best .    **** moby dick  ( 8/14/30 )  lloyd bacon ~ john barrymore ,  joan bennett ,  lloyd hughes
i suppose that any novel that's as much of a downer as moby dick would not find much favor with depression era audiences who had enough of their own troubles .  but any resemblance to the classic herman melville novel is a pure coincidence .    in fact half of the film is a prequel to the main story as we know it ,  not that too much of it was kept for the film .  we first meet ahab creely  ( he's got a last name and a brother )  as one happy go lucky soul with two legs and intentions to marry joan bennett who is father mapple's daughter .  that brother derek ,  played by lloyd hughes ,  also wants to marry bennett .   john barrymore is ahab in an over the top performance .  barrymore had not quite mastered the sound cinema and he gave out with all the silent era histrionics plus a stage voice that would have shaken the rafters of any movie theater this film was playing in .   we see ahab lose his leg to the great whale moby dick and i have to say the amputation scene was pretty gruesome .  of course this was all before the code .  still i'm sure 1930 audiences shuddered .   after that the story of ahab's hunt for the whale that he thinks made him unsightly in joan bennett's eyes .  that is not exactly melville's motivation ,  in fact there are no women characters in moby dick as he wrote it .   one of the things melville did was invest the crew of ahab's ship the pequod with personalities .  other than queequeg the cannibal harpooner the names are there ,  but not the personalities .  starbuck and stubbs might as well be smith and jones .   i'd see this version of moby dick strictly for curiosity and nothing else . 
this really should have been a one star ,  but there was so many ,  clichés ,  predictable twists ,  seen it all before slasher flick parallels that i actually give it an extra star for the fact it made me laugh .  .  . although this was never the directors intention im sure .   i don't often write comments about films ,  they have to be either sensational ,  or in this ones case really bad .   to be honest ,  as soon as i saw jeff fahey in it i knew it was going to be poor as he has a unique nose for picking out the worst films .   somehow the farce of it all made me watch it all the way through ,  possibly for the hilarious voice of mr t ,   ( not relay mr t ,  but you'll know what i mean if you bother to watch this )  ,  if you do watch it ,  make sure you don't pay to see it .  this may have worked had they actually put intended comedy into it ,  but im sure you'll find the odd laugh here and there at the farce of it all .  .  . 
do not waste your time or your money on this movie .  my roommate rented it because she thought it was the other movie called descent  ( the flick about some travelers who get trapped in a cave )  .  so ,  we decided to watch it anyways thinking it couldn't be that bad .  it was .  i can't believe this movie was actually produced and put out to the public .  it was so horrible it was almost like an accident scene where you want to look away but you just can't make yourself .  i honestly feel emotionally scarred .  it went from being a semi-low budget movie in which a college girl gets assaulted by a boy she's dating to an all out porno flick .  and really not a good one .  i went from hating the woman's rapist to almost feeling bad for him .  almost .  all in all ,  an awful movie that was definitely rated nc-17 for a reason .  don't waste your money .  and don't let your kids watch it . 
a very attractive and capable cast is lost in this deadly boring rehash of the slasher sub-genre .  the plot a simply a collection of cliches and set-pieces that we've all seen a hundred times before .  has great potential as an insomnia treatment . 
this true story of carlson's raiders is more of a army training film than anything else . obviously thrown together quickly on a miniscule budget about the only thing it has to recommend it is an early performance by robert mitchum , who's the only decent actor in the cast , and actual footage of the wreckage at pearl harbor which gets your blood boiling , as it was obviously intended to do . 
the movie 'gung ho ! ' :  the story of carlson's makin island raiders was made in 1943 with a view to go up the moral of american people at the duration of second world war .  it shows with the better way that the cinema can constitute body of propaganda .  the value of this film is only collection and no artistic .  in a film of propaganda it is useless to judge direction and actors .  watch that movie if you are interested to learn how propaganda functions in the movies or if you are a big fun of robert mitchum who has a small role in the film .  if you want to see a film for the second world war ,  they exist much better and objective .  i rated it 4/10 . 
should have been titled 'balderdash ! ' little in the film is true except the name of the island and the fact submarines were involved .  little more than training film quality with poor camera work ,  muddy stock footage and perhaps the low point of stereotyping 'japs' with laughing japanese infantry ,  laughing japanese fighter pilots and one-dimensional square-jawed americans dying left and right .  sixty years later it is unintentionally funny as an odd artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the war fever is upon you .  the plot and the dialogue remind me of playing guns on a summer's afternoon in my childhood ,  peering through the neighbor's hedge to gain a fatal advantage on my best friend steve and my little brother .  in actual fact ,  the makin island raid was a near total failure with carlson and his men wandering around in the dark exchanging gunfire with shadows until finally ,  thirsty and completely disoriented ,  looking for someone to surrender to ,  before they happened upon some equally confused japanese soldiers who promptly surrendered to them !  in the withdrawal several of carlson's marines ended up on another island and were abandoned !  the film ,  of course ,  couldn't tell that story ,  not in 1943 ,  so this bit of whimsy was fabricated and rushed into release to the beating of drums .  with randolph scott ,  and his jaw ,  as colonel thorwald  ( carlson )  leading a unit comprised almost entirely of stock caricatures ,  the green recruit  ( harry landon ,  robert mitchum )  ,  the grizzled veteran  ( j .  carroll naish ,  milburn stone ,  sam levene )  ,  the country-bumpkin  ( rod cameron )  ,  the all-american boy  ( alan curtis )  ,  and scores of sneering  ( when they weren't laughing )  'japs' .  and yet the cast nearly overcomes the material .  almost .  randolph scott's narrow range is well suited to his role of earnest commander and he is supported by a solid group of professionals who do their best with thin gruel .  but in the end ,  the one-note object of the exercise wins .  any pretense is totally abandoned at the close when randy scott simply looks directly into the camera and delivers a stirring  ( well sorta stirring )  call to arms .  the cast was better than this material .  so was the audience .  should be viewed with reefer madness and a bottle of moderately priced merlot . 
after reading the reviews ,  it became obvious that everyone intellectualized this work .  how utterly boring .  oh how about the good ol' days and there was nothing like it .  of all the comments no one expressed any emotion to this work or any other .   i grew up just after the end of the steam age and this cinematic gem along with dan'l boone graced the saturday afternoon matinées .  this was an annual movie that made the rounds and filled the seats with gabbing ,  yapping ,  farting ,  giggling ,  snot monsters like myself or was-self .  and it was a movie theatre filler at the time .  almost as big as the wizard of oz .   imdb insists that every critique contains something about the plot .  problem is was that it was rather a template .  here goes .  randolph scott  ( cowboy/hero ) gathers friends and goes defeats those evil people .  hooray !    all of us kids figured out that plot before we plunked our quarter down to watch it .  that was just about the plot line of every scott ,  john wayne ,  roy rogers film ever made .  if you take the time to go back and review each and every movie - just don't ask for surprises .   one must remember the context of the times .  there was no or little tv .  none for kids .  there was school .  there was the great outdoors .  there were toy guns .  no cyber time .  and the steam age had just collapsed .  but movies such as this provided the entertainment and filled the imaginations of young whippersnappers .  even the girls got into it .   this movie was the entertainment .  and it is just as mindless as anything produced today .  it had a purpose originally of being propaganda .  but quickly came to be kids movies .   our fathers had experienced the real thing .  and it wouldn't be until sam peckinpah a decade later who finally lavished the red splashes of imitation blood in realistic and copious quantities .  not until his directorship did anyone die slowly ,  with great pain and miserably .  until peckinpah war and gun fights were a rather bloodless affair .  thanks sam .   to see a movie had little or no blood ,  the adults didn't mind .  they wouldn't have tolerated it i think .  no guts spraying the shattering plant life .  so this movie had all of the glory and none of the gory .  gung ho was suitable for kids then .   you will see that i assigned a four to this rating .  why would i do that ?  well .  it is a terrible movie .  no matter how i love it .  i do love this movie because it brought back one of the happier moments of my childhood .  but it is not all that good of a movie in quality terms .  basically gung ho transitted to become a romance novel for children .   should people watch it .  of course .  i am not saying to stay away .  realistically however .  the plot is simple .  the characters shallow ?  they are shoals .  you can love a bad movie . 
dvd has become the equivalent of the old late night double-bill circuit ,  the last chance to catch old movies on the verge of being completely forgotten like the border .  there were great expectations for this back in 1982  a script co-written by the wild bunch's walon green ,  jack nicholson in the days when he could still act without semaphore and a great supporting cast  ( harvey keitel ,  warren oates ,  valerie perrine )  ,  tony richardson directing  ( although he was pretty much a spent force by then )   but now it doesn't even turn up on tv .  the material certainly offers a rich seam of possibilities for comment on the 80s american dreams of capitalism and conspicuous consumption ,  with nicholson's border patrolman turning a blind eye to the odd drug deal or bit of people trafficking to finance his wife's relentless materialism ,  until he rediscovers his conscience when he finds out his partners are also in the baby selling business .  unfortunately ,  he never really gets his hands dirty ,  barely even turning a blind eye before his decency rises to the surface .  the film feels always watered down as if too many rewrites and too many committees have left it neutered and ,  sadly ,  the recent dvd release is a missed opportunity to restore the original ,  nihilistic ending where nicholson goes over the edge and firebombs the border patrol station that was cut after preview audiences found it too downbeat but which still featured prominently in the film's trailers .   while that probably wasn't too convincing considering how low-key nicholson's crisis of conscience is in the film ,  it had to be better than the crude reshot climax where the film abandons logic and even basic rules of continuity :  at one point he's holding characters at gunpoint ,  then he's somewhere else and they're free trying to kill him ,  one character goes from injured at his house to hopping around like a gazelle on the banks of the rio grande while valerie perrine's character gets dumber on an exponential level .  the villains of the piece are disposed of with absurd ease  ( and one impressive car stunt )  in time for a clumsily edited happy ending and you start wondering if you somehow found yourself watching another film entirely .  what makes it all the more clumsy is that the rest of the film is so flat and underwhelming that the sudden lurch into melodrama is all the more jarring .  unfortunately ry cooder's beautiful title song ,  across the borderline ,  says it all much more economically .  but if you want to know the film's real crime ,  it's completely wasting the great warren oates in a nothing bit part .  when even he can't make an impression ,  you know something's really wrong .  all in all ,  all too easy to remember why i found this so forgettable at the time . 
i gave this 3 stars out of a possible 10 - because the stories are open-ended and left unexplained ,  and because of the nauseating scenes of someone eating in an extremely disgusting way ,  plus scenes of a decaying corpse .    neither of the above needed to be shown in such a graphic manner .   the film's plot ,  such as it is ,  concerns three loosely interconnecting stories ,  none of which conclude satisfactorily .   the bounty hunter ,  played by bruce dern ,  is the character that connects all three vignettes .   first we have dylan mcdermott ,  looking darn fine ,  as a wanted criminal who is fleeing to mexico to escape both the law and the bounty hunter ,  when he rides through a border town and spots a sad-faced saloon girl played by helen hunt .   then we have one of the hemingway girls ,  not sure which one ,  playing a western wife out on the lonely frontier who goes over to see about a neighbor woman ,  an attractive redhead ,  whom we soon realize has been out in the badlands a little too long .   the conclusion of the film returns to the bounty hunter and what happens to him ,  with the final scene in the film being completely beyond rational comprehension . 
this was not a well done western .  you've got this nut riding around in the blazing sun in a buggy with a parasol over it ,  killing people for his own reasons .  you've got this same person sitting in a snow cave during a blizzard ,  cutting off pieces of his anatomy which have been frostbitten .  then you've got some woman in a house out in the middle of somewhere shooting wolves that are not there .  what is the point of this film ?  couldn't bruce dern find something better to do ?  this was a waste of film . 
one of the worst films ever .  not funny ,  poor tv style cinematography ,  bad acting .  sad to see so many famous old actors barely able to walk ,  let alone act .  lead female nancy young can't act .  terrible direction .  sub-par with bad tv movies .  occasional weak jokes fall flat .  even the basic premise of the movie makes no sense .  somehow they are supposed to stop a wedding from happening but there's no logic behind their actions .  slow pacing made my wife stop watching but i suffered through it .  the old men are supposed to be acting like they are young and horny ,  but it comes off as pathetic instead of funny .  how did they even get the money to make this ? 
if you have beloved actors ,  peter falk ,  rip torn ,  george segal ,  and bill cobbs ,  you don't need billy burke ,  coolio ,  or any other distractions .  massive talent is totally wasted in  " three days to vegas "  ,  with the blame falling squarely on the script .  my neighbor's vacation films are about as interesting as this misguided road movie .  if you want to see how to utilize a veteran cast with a good script ,  check out  " the crew "  .  there really are no redeeming factors here ,  and watching these wonderful actors struggling with such weak material is a crime .  i wanted to like it ,  but the shallow script cheats the audience ,  by essentially giving the actors nothing to work with .  - merk
i agree totally with another of the reviewers here who was pleased  " for the birds "  won the oscar in 2002 for  " best animated short ,  "  not this sick material ,  which is pretentious at best and appealing to anyone ,  of course ,  who has no belief in heaven or hell .   the animation was good ,  but so are a lot of animated shorts .  and ,  by the way ,  i love dark humor but this just was unappealing from the start .   as for the story here :  a guy walking around and surrounded by nothing but grey  ( symbolism here )  is told by a tv set  ( which appears every few hundred yards away )  that he is in either heaven ,  hell ,  or purgatory .  each time he puts a gun to his head and shoots himself after hearing the news .  i guess that would be funny in two of the three instances . 
if you want to watch a good film about how women can fight back against sexual assault ,  then this film is not the film that you want to watch .  it was a social commentary about a woman who was victimized and fights back .  spoiler :  rosario dawson turns the tables on her assailant .  instead of using the criminal justice system ,  the victim resorts to using vigilantism .  she in essence nullifies the judicial system .  the film  " the accused "  was a much better film because the victim uses the judicial system and wins .  what the  " descent "  does is telling victims of assault that they should resort to violence ?  is victim any better that the accuser ?  no !  !  ! 
this is one of those cheaply made tv movies were the characters seem to lose all sense .  the premise of the story ,  the kidnapping of a son by the boy's father , is very good .  but the story just seems to beggar belief .  whenever the mother is advised not to do anything you know fine well she is going to do it .  it is a bit far fetched and not worthy of a viewing . 
this movie tackles child abduction from the point of view of a mom  ( lisa hartman black )  who acts like a man would in an action thriller .  unlike other movies where the focus is on the police ,  here the mom is tracking down her ex-husband who kidnapped their son .  she gets help from her lawyer who eventually falls in love with her .   before finally catching up with her son ,  a lot of bizarre things happen .  the mom tries to take a child that looks like her son from a local children's play at a community theater .  she gets caught ,  and then realizes it is not her child .  that alone would have gotten most people put into the mental ward or a few months in jail waiting for trial .  however ,  in this movie the mom is release after a couple of hours because the victim's parents feel sorry for her .  a little while later mom breaks into her mother-in-law's house and then the police arrive and they have their guns aimed at her but they let her run away because they recognize her  ( and feel sorry for her ?  )  .   at another point in the story they have found the child ,  but when the police arrive to search the house it turns out they left out the back door and got into the river on a dinghy that apparently the dad kept around just for such an emergency escape !  the mom gets someone to lend her a raft ,  and even though it must have taken some time  ( in a real world )  ,  she and the lawyer-boyfriend ,  and the police catch up to the other raft pretty fast and it is upside down in the water by landfall .  instead of getting out of the raft to search for the dad on the land ,  mom presumes he drowned the boy and she jumps into the water when she sees his life-jacket .  of course ,  she cannot swim and sinks like a rock .  the lawyer saves her ,  but they miss a chance to run after the dad .  at one point the mom is told her son died at a clinic in mexico .  on and on it goes ,  and where it stops nobody knows !  in some ways ,  this movie really exploits child abduction and it is not very positive .  on the other hand ,  seeing a woman do all the crazy things that men do in these kind of movies was fun  ( or funny ?  )  . 
i just finished  " dark chamber "  aka  " under surveillance "  and i'm stunned .  stunned ,  not by the film ,  but by some of the rave reviews i perused which influenced my watching it .  the story was so ravaged by plot-holes and the majority of the acting so flat ,  categorizing it as a comedy seems appropriate .  seriously ,  i found myself shaking my head and laughing in bewilderment as i endured this movie .   justin leaves the confines of living at home with a pain killer-addicted mom to go live with his cop father despite mom's warnings that dad is no good .  when a young woman is found murdered ,  justin becomes suspicious of the tenants who reside in the adjacent apartments .  with the help of a couple pals ,  he installs covert cameras to keep tabs on these folks .  as the truth begins to unravel ,  justin uncovers an unexpected secret .   one positive point is that felissa rose is hot !  i would have generously slapped an extra star or two on here had she peeled down a bit ,  but no such luck .  it would have been the film's potential saving grace .  eric conley played justin very adeptly ,  i thought ,  and i wouldn't be surprised whatsoever to see more of him in the future .    the general premise of the film ,  although plagued by clichés ,  might possibly have worked had it not been for the ridiculously hollow  " performances "  of key cast members ,  most notably alexandra eitel  ( kayla )  and david h .  rigg  ( justin's father )  .  the horror !   ( pardon the pun )  .   i have nothing against low-budget films .  indeed ,  i believe independent film is our only hope for decent film making in the days to come .  i'll cut low-budget films quite a bit of slack when it comes to special effects ,  lighting ,  even musical score and the overall picture quality .  i don't give allowances ,  however ,  for stick figure acting and a swiss cheese lover's script .  there are a vast number of competently-made low budget films out there .  sadly ,  this isn't one of them .  i can't help but suspect that at least a few of the reviewers who have praised  " dark chamber "  here are in some way affiliated with its production . 
justin goes home to live with his strict ,  hard-nosed police detective father ,  but it seems daddy has turned the upstairs into three makeshift apartments each with bizarre tenants residing in them .  straight-laced idealist justin is thrust into the world of the occult ,  murder ,  under-aged drinking and other dastardly things .  ho-hum   wow ,  have i seen the same film that nearly all the other reviewers on here saw ?  ?  ?  clever ,  compelling ,  original ,  intense ,  clever ,  genius ?  ?  ?  ?  !  !  ?  i witnessed none of those things .  what i did see was an uninteresting ,  bland ,  trite ,  extremely clichéd low-budget thriller that was ripe with implausibilities and no tension in the least bit as the killer is telegraphed as soon into the film as he gives his monologue/debate/discussion .  and where are these humorous laugh-out-loud moments ?  i never so much as chuckled ,  perhaps because i was too busy struggling not to be put to sleep by the film .   my grade :  d   dvd extras :  audio commentary with director dave campfield ;  second commentary with various contributers as well as isolated music tracks ;  4 featurettes  ( making of ,  on the set ,  turning 1 room into 4 ,  & inside the black circle )  ;  interviews with felissa rose ,  desiree gould ,  & raine brown ;  alternate scenes ;  bloopers ;  a music video for 'addiction' ;  a trailer for this movie ;  and trailers for  " shock-o-rama "  ,   " chainsaw sally "  ,   " skin crawl "  ,   " sinful "  ,   " bacterium "  ,   " creature from the hillbilly lagoon "  ,  &  " millennium crises " 
when stanwyck's husband-to-be is murdered on the eve of their wedding ,  she retreats to a mountain lodge ,  where she slips  ( sort of )  off a cliff and is rescued by wealthy attorney morgan .  morgan falls in love with her ,  leading to a definitely one-sided marriage ,  spent on a huge estate in chicago  ( which appears to be surrounded by mountains !  )  .  stanwyck is tempted by dashing cortez ,  but eventually returns to morgan ,  in a very subdued and unconvincing story resolution .   this film has a great cast  ( morgan in particular is one of my favorites )  and a great director ,  but the script is meandering and seems pointless at times .  i was so ready to enjoy this movie but i was ultimately disappointed .  still worth watching for the cast ,  and it's good for anyone who likes 1930s films . 
another british cinema flag waver .  real garbage on offer here once again .  i cannot understand  ( and i am british )  why this over the top ,  patriotic nonsense was ever made .  eight years mark you ,  from when the second world war had actually ended !  other commenter's here have remarked on the editing and apparent seamless use of archive footage .  this is extremely poorly observed .  the archive footage is in abundance .  model aircraft swing from wires in the 'action scenes' like so many children's kites in the wind .  the usual map room sequences tattoo the movie to make us supposedly drawn into the whole malta event .  guinness must have his worst acting performance ever .  the shocking back drop dog fight scenes are laughable .  hawkins bores us all to death in the map room area .  ealing made many great movies .  this clearly is not one of them .  they should have stayed away from such unconvincing rot ! 
in the opening scene of  " malta story "  mr a . guinness bore such a startling resemblance to noel coward that i fully expected his first words to be  " certain women need striking regularly - like gongs "  or some such world - weary bon mot . unfortunately his dialogue is hardly deathless prose and even the master would have had trouble bringing it to life . indeed mr guinness wanders through the picture as if looking for a focal point and failing to find one . and therein lies the fatal weakness of the whole movie . mr j . hawkins likewise gives up early on and ends up giving a  " jack hawkins "  performance without an ounce of individuality . it could have been spliced from any of a dozen british war movies . many of the early fifties usual suspects turn up and do their schtick to very little purpose .  the luftwaffe failed to bomb malta into submission in much the same way as it failed to bring london to its knees . the courage of the maltese people in the face of incessant danger was recognised by the king and the island was awarded the george cross . a worthy subject you might think for a movie , but  " malta story "  does not even qualify for the term  " worthy "  in its most patronising sense . it gives the appearance of being hastily cobbled together to meet a deadline , perhaps before the actors lost the will to live . 
some films that you pick up for a pound turn out to be rather good - 23rd century films released dozens of obscure italian and american movie that were great ,  but although hardgore released some fulci films amongst others ,  the bulk of their output is crap like the zombie chronicles .   the only positive thing i can say about this film is that it's nowhere near as annoying as the stink of flesh .  other than that ,  its a very clumsy anthology film with the technical competence of a lego house built by a whelk .   it's been noted elsewhere ,  but you really do have to worry about a film that inserts previews of the action into its credit sequence ,  so by the time it gets to the zombie attacks ,  you've seen it all already .   bad movie fans will have a ball watching the 18 , 000 continuity mistakes and the diabolical acting of the cast  ( especially the hitchhiker ,  who was so bad he did make me laugh a bit )  ,  and kudos to hardgore for getting in to the spirit of things by releasing a print so bad it felt like i was watching some beat up home video of a camping trip .   awful ,  awful stuff .  we've all made stuff like this when we've gotten a hold of a camera ,  but common sense prevails and these films languish in our cupboards somewhere .  avoid . 
i love the music of the clash and i love the music of joe strummer and the mescaleros .  i went to this movie hoping to learn about the man behind most of that .  but i came out of the theatre not knowing much more about joe than i already did after reading the entry on wikipedia .  the movie never really gets through to the person ,  his thoughts and feelings .  what they did was to collect the little material that they had ,  shaky blurry videos and to interview some people about joe strummer at a camp fire .  it turns out that most of these people knew him very little or not at all ,  and that the director just wanted them in the movie in order to have some more celebrities say ,   " oh ,  he was such an inspiration to all of us "  .  like bono or johnny depp  ( whom they seemingly asked to keep his pirate costume on to benefit from his current success in pirates of the caribbean )  .  it seems that the director could not even wait until the body was cold before he jumped in to sell his version of  " the greatest punk rocker and hippie at heart "  that ever lived ,  sanctifying the person without really knowing enough about him .   sure ,  being a fan i enjoyed seeing the images of the band ,  hearing the anecdotes behind the songs and such ,  but in the end i felt like what remained as the portrait of joe strummer could have easily been told in 60-90 minutes .   go see the movie if you are a fan ,  otherwise better listen to some music of the clash or even better the undeservedly unknown mescaleros ,  where joe strummer reached the peak of his musical development before his death ,  melting all his rich influences together to one amazing sound . 
strummer's hippie past was a revelation ,  but overall this felt like crashing a wake .  campfire stories work best around the intimacy of a campfire .  there were just too many semi-boring old friends anecdotes and too much filler stock footage .  i love the clash and joe for not reuniting and selling their songs until now  ( fu mick jones )  ,  but this doc left me wanting .  . to relate more .  using campfire storytellers without proper explanation of who is telling the anecdote alienates the viewer to some extent .  they should have been interviewed on their own .  even using strummer's 'radio dj voice' did little to glue the film together .  and can someone explain all the flags flying behind the campfire scenes ?  after the awesome  " filth and the fury "  i hoped temple could deliver .  a joe strummer doc deserves better . 
this movie was disgusting .  their should be a warning that some sadistic nasty writer is attempting to make a name for herself before being held hostage for an hour and a half watching garbage .  what is garbage ?  the misuse of peoples time ,  the misuse of energy ,  and the waste of whatever type of educational system that taught her how to read and write .  talia you are a sick demented loser .  your psychiatrist needs to prescribe stronger medications for your problem .    the acting and plot gave me no choice but to fast forward through the middle of the garbage .  i ended up at a scene that was uncalled for .  if you want to learn how to shock people watch a larry clark movie .  i lost all respect for the entire cast of this movie  " no more support from me .  "  how could actors or actresses sit on a set while such gross depictions of human behavior is manifested from the mind of a psycho ?  i feel sorry for all actors that took part in that scene .  i think the devil now knows who the writer of this movie is ;  congratulations you won his attention . 
growing up ,  joe strummer was a hero of mine ,  but even i was left cold by this film .  for better and worse ,  the future is unwritten is not a straightforward  " behind the music "  style documentary .  rather it is a biographical art film ,  chock full of interviews ,  performance footage ,  home movies ,  and mostly pointless animation sketches lifted from  " animal farm .  "  the movie is coherent but overlong by about a half hour .   the campfire format ,  while touching in thought ,  is actually pretty annoying in execution .  first off ,  without titles ,  its hard to even know who half of these interviewees are .  secondly ,  who really needs to hear people like bono ,  johnny depp ,  and john cusack mouth butt licking hosannas about the man ?  they were not relevant to strummer's life and their opinions add nothing to his story .   this picture is at it's best when strummer ,  through taped interviews and conversation ,  touches on facets of his life most people did not know about :  the suicide of his older brother ,  coming to terms with the death of his parents ,  the joy of fatherhood .  to me ,  these were most moving because it showed joe strummer not as the punk icon we all knew and loved ,  but as a regular human being who had to deal with the joys and sorrows of life we all must face .   there have been better ,  more straightforward documentaries about strummer and the clash .   ( westway ,  vh1 legends ,  and kurt loder's narrated mtv documentary from the early 90's come to mind .  )  joe strummer :  the future is unwritten is for diehards only . 
as i write this review in 2008 ,  we are mired in a remake culture .  movie studios seem determined to ruin as many classic films as they can with thoroughly pointless updates including 'king kong ,  'the wicker man' and practically every film that ever starred michael caine .  this lazy remake mentality is not a new phenomenon ,  however ,  as 'dough for the do-do' proves .  an entirely pointless colorized version of bob clampett's surreal masterpiece 'porky in wackyland' ,  'dough for the do-do' sucks the life out of the original by splashing colour all over clampett's original footage and adding some lame new footage overseen by friz freleng .  freleng was an entirely unsuitable director to be tampering with clampett's source material ,  although in truth no director could hope to come close to clampett's inspired insanity .  inevitably ,  then ,  'dough for the do-do' is nothing more than the raping of a classic with an appalling new title attached .  for cartoon fans like myself ,  its equivalent to a colorization of 'casablanca' . 
 " dutch schultz "  ,  aka arthur fleggenheimer ,  was a real person and his rather nasty life is fairly well documented .  this movie which purports to depict his life should have used a fictional character ,  because the overdramatized events are too strong a departure from the facts and the chronology .  not only that ,  it ignores some interesting details which other versions have included such as the public relations fiasco in upstate n . y .  and his religious conversion .  it is true that he was executed by luciano ,  lansky ,  et .  al .  but that's as far as it goes .  the exploding plate scene which represents luciano carrying out the execution of bo weinberg in his own home ,  assisted by his own mother is rediculous .  also ,  there is the scene in which dutch approaches his own mother to pay protection to legs diamond .  it just doesn't work .  the character of mrs .  fleggenheimer doesn't work either .  this movie does not need a doting jewish mother for comic relief .  the lame representation of legs diamond was humorous enough .  i'm sure the man is turning in his grave .  and ,  by the way ,  dutch did in fact personally kill people ,  but ,  he was not rambo or 007 .  the scene in which he wipes out the brewery is absurd .  i don't know .  maybe it was supposed to be a comedy and i just didn't get it . 
this was on the 30th anniversary dvd for blazing saddles ,  itself brilliant ,  but not this .  nowhere did i see mel brook's name on here and i can guess why ,  he's got a lot more sense to not be associated with this pilot .  my gawd ,  who would find this funny .  sure there may be a race issue but for me it just wasn't funny ,  well cause it's simply not funny .  it's like the writers didn't even try to be funny ,  just to cash in on being tied with blazing saddles .  did they expect this show to go for several seasons when they made this pilot ?  flat out ,  they didn't care .  it was a quick cash cow which thank god didn't cash out .  i guess it's useful for historical purposes only ,  or only to demonstrate how stupid and unimaginative hollywood writers can be . 
i just watched the 30th anniversary edition of blazing saddles ,  one of my all time favorites !  !  the tv pilot for black bart stunk .  the plot was non-existent and the acting was not good .  it was obviously an attempt to profit off of the success of blazing saddles and there have been tv shows that have succeeded in doing take-offs of big movies ,  but this one would never have worked .  considering that for so many years tv would not even play the farting noises when they televised the movie ,  it is inconceivable that they thought they could put a show on tv with the  " n "  word thrown around .  on the other hand ,  i enjoyed seeing a lot of familiar faces !  !  !  there were quite a few actors/actresses that i recognized from other shows over the years .  i had to write down all the names and do a few searches .  that was fun .  i was arguing with my mother if steve landesberg was from barney miller or mash .  i won !   :  ) 
this very unfunny failed tv pilot can be found as an extra on the 30th annivesery dvd special edition  " blazing saddles "  .  imagine the movie without the satire ,  humor ,  or writing skills .  but with all the trappings of a typical lame '70's sit-com show complete with obtrusive laugh track and you'll still have no clue how sheer putrid this failed show was .  what the hell was lou gossett jr .  thinking when he signed onto this disaster ?  ?  this was possibly the worst thing he's been in  ( and yes i'm including the first  " punisher "  movie and  " iron eagles 3 "  .  steve landesberg ,  i understand as he can't say no to crap .   my grade :  f
to review this movie ,  i without any doubt would have to quote that memorable scene in tarantino's  " pulp fiction "   ( 1994 )  when jules and vincent are talking about mia wallace and what she does for a living .  jules tells vincent that the  " only thing she did worthwhile was pilot "  .  vincent asks  " what the hell is a pilot ?  "  and jules goes into a very well description of what a tv pilot is :   " well ,  the way they make shows is ,  they make one show .  that show's called a 'pilot' .  then they show that show to the people who make shows ,  and on the strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows .  some pilots get picked and become television programs .  some don't ,  become nothing .  she starred in one of the ones that became nothing .  "  now to stretch on what jules was talking about ,  there are billions of television shows/pilots that were never aired because they simply were not .  .  . well ,  good .  probably the most notorious pilot that comes to mind is  " w*a*l*t*e*r "  ,  a spin-off to  " m*a*s*h "  with gary  " radar "  burghoff as the lead .  hmmm ,  would somebody really want to be watching radar for a half-hour trying to solve crimes ?  hence ,  the show was never picked up .  what many people don't know  ( or what they thought they knew )  is that pilots are hardly ever shown on the air ,  for they are made strictly for the television networks for them to decide .  some have made they're way past and got onto the air  ( the pilot for the animated series  " american dad "  comes to mind ,  as the show's serial itself didn't begin until nearly four months later .  however ,  there are times were we should all be glad pilots never make it to air ,  and this here is why .    " black bart "  ,  a supposed tie-in with the mel brooks comedy classic ,   " blazing saddles "  ,  is a stale and bland  " sitcom "  with little heart and no soul .   " saddles "  was a controversial comedy ,  nevertheless ,  with it's racist humor and vulgar comedy ,  which comes to mind  " what idiot decided this would make a great television show for prime time tv ?  !  ?  "  i say  " supposed "  ,  because none of the memorable characters from the movie ,  aside from bart ,  on in this mess of a tv show .  mel brooks wasn't even involved with the production of the serial and this was the first mistake in a long line  ( in a related story ,  i recently found out about an unaired tv pilot for a series based on the movie  " clerks .  "  that kevin smith was no involved in .  .  .  . you see what happens ?  !  ?  )  .   set somewhere around the same time as the movie  ( or at all )  ,  the story circles around the only black sheriff in the wild west ,  named appropriately 'black' bart ,  who is this time played by future academy award winner louis gossett jr .  ,  obviously before his stint in  " real "  acting ,  whereas in this he is playing a  " g-rated "  richard pryor .  most of the other characters are carbon  ( if not ,  really bad )  copies of the characters in the movie :  jim ,  the waco kid is replaced by a similar looking character named reb jordan ,  a former confederate soldier who is quick with the gun .  lilian von schtupp is now belle buzzer ,  a more of a ripoff of the character being that she's a show dancer and a german with a marlene dietrich-type accent and personality .  while that's pretty much the end in similarities ,  the lead  " bad guy "  in the story is fern malaga ,  played by noble willingham ,  who i assumed would've been hedley lamar if warner bros .  secured the rights to the name  ( see trivia for  " blazing saddles "  )  and his son curley .  .  . i dunno ,  taggart i suppose ?  the story is a poor excuse for a sitcom ,  much less a pilot .  bart deals with the mayor's drunk son and he's out-of-control behavior which has caused the town to spin .  really ,  it's a story that tries to introduce all the characters in the  " series "  and doesn't focus on the variety and context that would make this an  " alright "  show .  i can't really call it a sitcom  ( and even if i wanted to )  and that's primarily the fact it was shot on the backlot at warner bros .  studios and later added a laugh track ,  so the show is set up almost exactly like  " m*a*s*h "   ( complete with a bland and dull  " laughing "  that is identical to the series )  .  the acting is so-so ,  but there's one part that always make me laugh ,  and that's when the actor playing reb jordan almost seems to forget his lines and tries really hard to remember them while trying to sputter out a piece of dialogue .  ha !  the script is rather dull and is attempts to make racism more humorous than it was in the movie  ( surprisingly ,  they use the word  " n***er "  numerous amount of times through a 22-minute episode ,  rather touchy for it's time period and even for today )  and it gets repetitive .   if you ever get your hands on this unseen piece of sssss .  .  . surly interesting novelty item ,  watch it just for the sake of the feeling for watching pilots  ( it's on the collector's edition of  " blazing saddles "  ,  god knows why )  .  there ,  yourself get a first hand chance for the reason why many movie tie-in pilots never air . 
watching this was like getting a large mackerel slapped in your face over and over again .  even when you thought ,   " that mackerel surely can't be coming around again ,  "  *slap* there it was .  i'm not sure what they were thinking .  this is the sort of pilot i watched and wondered ,   " did the actors know they were on a doomed ship destined to never be made into a series ?  "  not only black stereotypes but swedish and indian ones as well .  and while  " blazing saddles "  made these stereotypes into a mix of comedy and uncomfortableness ,  these stereotypes were just downright offensive .  there was no plot line ,  the ending was slapped on ,  and the jokes aren't .  still ,  if you are a student of comedy ,  watch this pilot to see what you shouldn't do . 
a mercilessly corny and painfully unfunny attempt to transplant the character of sheriff bart from mel brooks' blazing saddles into his own weekly sitcom ,  this is really as bad as some people say it is !   the laugh-track only serves to remind the unamused viewer what all in this supposed comedy is intended to be a joke and just how desperate for laughs it really is !   however ,  it is somewhat interesting to see louis gossett jr .  trying his best to impersonate cleavon little .  his embarrassment shows through in every scene .  he was much funnier in the hbo movie el diablo than he was here in this slab of cheese !   truly the best and funniest thing about black bart is the name of his horse ! 
 " black angel "  is minor whodunit ,  with june vincent as a woman trying to save her husband from the electric chair after he is found guilty of killing an old acquaintance .  dan duryea  ( the husband of the murdered woman )  decides to help vincent find the real culprit .  peter lorre has one thankless role as a suspect .  this film noir looks and plays like a cheap programmer ,  never achieving anything special .  it is pleasant enough but then ,  at some point ,  it stops making sense and the solution to the mystery provokes one of those big  " give me a break "  reactions .  that ending alone could have sank the film completely ,  but what precedes the conclusion is not very good either .  vincent is a wimpy heroine and duryea was never very good at playing good guys .  i love film noirs ,  but this one was a real disappointment . 
dan duryea ,  a perfectly decent b-movie actor who made lots of lookalike noirs in the 1940s ,  can't do much with this one :  young man is accused of murdering an unhappily married singer ;  when he's sentenced to die ,  his wife decides to solve the case herself with help from the dead woman's husband .  after a dazzling opening shot ,  flick quickly settles into b-movie formula .  it certainly looks good ,  but the twist finish is colorlessly handled and the cast  ( including peter lorre and broderick crawford )  is just a bit stiff .  based on a cornell woolrich novel ,  and passable for a single viewing .    ** from ****
i'm going to write about this movie and about  " irreversible "   ( the  ( in ) famous scene in it )  .  so you are warned ,  if you haven't seen the movie yet .  this are just my thoughts ,  why i think the movie fails  ( in the end - pun intended )  .   acting wise ,  rosario dawson is really good and almost conveys portraying someone almost a decade younger  ( a teenager in other words )  .  the villain guy is good ,  but loses his  " evil "  touch right before the end .  if he really never changes ,  then why would he let a woman tie him up ?  he wouldn't ,  period .  then we also have the bartender/2nd rape dude .  actually i don't think you would need him .  at least not for the 2nd rape ,  but more about that later on .   let's reprise the story .  rosarios character is sexually insecure ,  might even have lesbian tendencies  ( see her scene with a female friend )  .  this wasn't intentional ,  as rosario states herself ,  but there is sexual tension between them .  rosario's character meets a guy ,  who is a sexual predator ,  in all the bad senses .  but he makes an impression on her .   rosario commented that her character had a boyfriend before .  i beg to differ .  because she acts ,  as if it is her first boyfriend ,  which also underlines her phone conversation with her mother .  talking about her mother ,  here's another problem .  after the first rape takes place ,  rosarios character doesn't tell anyone what happened .  seiing that her relationship with her mother is a very close one ,  nothing of that gets explored after that .  if rosarios character wouldn't call her mother anymore or would behave strangely ,  the mother would be worried like crazy .  there was so much potential here .  also her female friend :  we see her at the party ,  it's obvious there is something going on and  " boom "  she is gone .   the first rape is almost unbearable to watch .  but feels like a pinch ,  when you compare it to the ending  ( rape )  ,  which feels like you're getting hit with a sledge hammer !  after rape no .  1 we get too stretched out scenes .  threads are opened  ( such as her construction work is an indication that she might be lesbian ,  as one guy states who tried to hit on her  .  .  .  )  ,  but left in the open .  no real social contact is established ,  if you leave the bartender guy out ,  who is involved in the 2nd and last rape scene .  it's apparent that he isn't a  " nice "  guy and his character get's fleshed out a bit .  but when rosarios character meets her rapist in class again ,  his being in the movie seems pointless .  we get the point that rosarios character isn't the same anymore ,  that she went  " bad "  and is able to hurt people .   ( too )  many scenes show exactly that ,  her being without emotion just doing drugs and other stuff .  back to rapist #1 who cheats on a test ,  gets caught by rosarios character and they decide to hang out together again  ( really ?  )  .  as absurd as that sounds ,  the guy meets up with her ,  not without us having seen him beforehand ,  with another girl  ( very likely that he raped her too ,  although we never see anything of that ,  fortunately )  and his football career .  well career is a stretch and he is bullied .  this is an attempt to give his character some depth and it almost works ,  but then again is too cliché to stay with you .  so rapist #1 submits to rosarios character  .  .  .  why exactly ?  because he promised her ,  it was her day ?  again ,  really ?  a guy like that never loses control ,  especially with a woman he raped before  .  .  .  i guess this is supposed to show us how stupid he is .  the bartender guy would have worked as someone who could have hit him over the head or something ,  but letting him submit like that ,  just feels wrong .  another possibility would have a drug in his drink .   so rapist #1 undresses and get's blindfolded and let's rosarios character tie him on a bed  .  .  .  .  seriously ,  that's just crazy !  but what comes next ,  is even crazier .  first she talks to him ,  then she  " shuts "  him up and forces an object into him .  this is as difficult to watch as rape scene number one .  this isn't about what this guy deserves or not ,  it's just intense .  and of course that was what they were aiming for .  now after she is  " done "  the bartender guy comes in and rapes  .  .  .  rapist #1 .  if this really should work as a revenge movie ,  it would have been better if rosarios character herself would have been doing all the  " revenge "  .  having a henchman doing the job ,  takes away everything that was built up .   this isn't supposed to be entertaining/enjoyable ,  it's a hard watch & it is art-house .  but the 10 minute  ( i didn't count  )  rape scene at the end ,  just smashes everything .  rosarios character is more or less ,  only watching what happens .  which brings me to the biggest disappointment .   irreversible comparison :   " irreversible "  had the rape scene ,  but the movie went on  ( even if it was back into time )  .  rosario is looking into the camera in the end and says something about having to get over this .  first ,  that comes a bit too late ,  that should see her say that after the initial rape .  and secondly and most importantly ,  this is where the art-house movie should've come in .  it is more interesting seeing were rosarios character would go after the second rape scene and how she would cope ,  with what she had done .  but then again ,  she didn't actually physically do that much  ( see above )   .  .  .  a broken character that the movie cuts off  .  .  .   good intentions  ( talia and rosario had worked before )  ,  but failing to convey most of the things ,  they set out to do  ( even if you can see what they meant ,  it has to be convincing ,  otherwise it doesn't work )   .  .  .  not to mention the overlong rape scenes as they are  .  .  . 
it was difficult to sit through this horrible heretical adaptation of sherlock holmes .  apparently matt frewer was cast because he is tall and skinny .  his skull-like face made for a good zombie in the dawn of the dead remake ,  but as sherlock holmes he looks like a scarecrow .  not only does frewer have a lanky lackadaisical walk that is hard to watch ,  but he looks uncomfortable in the stereotypical holmes overcoats that he is wearing .  not only that ,  but while the coat is gray twill they apparently could not find a matching cap .  so his cap is black and it looks shiny as if it were made of polyester .  whatever the cap was made of ,  it looked very new and artificial .  jeremy brett occasionally wore those traditional outfits ,  but brett did not have to dress-up like sherlock holmes in order to look the part .  frewer on the other hand is painful to watch .  even in the full  " holmes "  outfit ,  he does not carry himself like sherlock holmes .   frewer's cadaverous face grinning all the time as he spouts on and on in a very bad  " upper-crust "  british accent is painful to see and listen to .  to say that frewer is overacting is an understatement .  after he finishes each sentence with some kind of nasal hum ,  he then sneers as if that were some kind of british trait .  when i started watching this i thought it might be a comedy featuring wishbone ,  the jack russell terrier .  i thought frewer had been cast as some kind of foil for wishbone .  but sadly ,  there is no dog in this movie except for frewer .  wishbone would have made this movie a lot better .   not only does frewer's version of sherlock holmes never stop talking  ( in that awfully artificial british nasal accent )  ,  but he is much to friendly and kind .  frewer is always smiling at the witnesses he talks to ,  and he is so polite and courteous that he could be teaching at a charm school instead of being a sleuth .  perhaps since this is a hallmark channel production ,  they are trying to make a children's version of sherlock holmes  ( wishbone was better at that ,  too )  that was kindler and gentler .  whatever the point of frewer's interpretation of sherlock holmes ,  it is flatter than a pancake ,  and easily the worst version of sherlock holmes that i have ever seen  ( including the previous worst ,  by charlton heston )  .   overall ,  the tone of this film is awful .  it reminded me of a typical episode of barnaby jones or murder she wrote or diagnosis murder .  all the suspects over-acted suspiciously and glared at the victims before they were killed .  holmes and watson are explaining every clue to each other during the entire movie .  even on murder she wrote there is less exposition .   this sherlock holmes does not even compare very well to jim rockford of the rockford files and it is miles below columbo .  the awful dialog is probably the fault of the writer .  it is obvious that who ever wrote this script has very little familiarity with sherlock holmes ,  especially the bbc version with jeremy brett .  this movie has all of the atmosphere of an episode of little house on the prairie .  the fact that the actors seem to be smirking when they enunciate their lines in their fake accents does not help .   the only minor bright spot is ken walsh who plays doctor watson with some dignity .  walsh does not ham it up compared to frewer ,  and when he is often interviewing witnesses ,  his demeanor and conversational style are much more natural and credible .  unfortunately ,  the rest of the cast is amateurish ,  and the visual clues they give by glaring and making faces at each other  ( to show they are suspicious )  is something that i had not seen in any modern movie . 
as a casual listener of the rolling stones ,  i thought this might be interesting .  not so ,  as this film is very 'of its age' ,  in the 1960's .  to me  ( someone born in the 1980's )  this just looks to me as hippy purist propaganda crap ,  but i am sure this film was not made for me ,  but people who were active during th '60's .  i expected drugs galore with th stones ,  i was disappointed ,  it actually showed real life ,  hard work in the studio ,  so much so i felt as if i was working with them to get to a conclusion of this god awful film .  i have not seen any of the directors other films ,  but i suspect they follow a similar style of directing ,  sort of 'amatuerish' which gave a feeling like the tv show eurotrash ,  badly directed ,  tackily put together and lacking in real entertainment value .  my only good opinion of this is that i didn't waste money on it ,  it came free with a sunday paper . 
it utterly defeats me why godard is taken so seriously - and one plus one is a great example of his ineptitude as both a filmmaker and an 'intellectual' polemicist .  it's hard to credit that godard actually believed all that marxist and maoist kant .  anyone with half a brain could work out the bankruptcy of those 'isms' and how many people they had destroyed and were continuing to destroy even as godard was making his films supporting them .  as a filmmaker ,  ask yourself :  would you have boring voice-overs reading tedious political diatribes at your audience ,  and then ,  when you couldn't think of anything else to do ,  layer another voice-over to the first voice-over ,  which had lost its listeners after the first 100 words in any case ?  brilliant ,  jean-luc !  as for godard insisting on making a film with the rolling stones :  of course he did ;  wouldn't you ?  it was the only guarantee of getting such mindless rubbish seen in the first place :  the genius of the stones eclipsing a talentless and babbling political idiot set loose with a camera .  the bookshop scene wasn't worthy of even the worst fringe theatre ,  and was an insult to the intelligence of even the young children who were used to play in it - as could be readily seen .  copping-out by allowing friendly critics to claim that all this artless crap was a satire on mainstream film-making is no more than a safe get-out to offer those who clearly see godard's poverty of intellect and arrogant contempt for his audience .  ironic that godard's one-time great friend ,  truffaut ,  with nuit americain ,  made the best film about film-making ever ,  and godard made the worst with le mepris !  incidentally ,  godard didn't choose the stones' track of sympathy with the devil .  it just happened to be the track they were working on when the 'film' started shooting at barnes olympic studios . 
picked this up for 50 cents at the flea market ,  was pretty excited .   i found it fascinating for about 15 min ,  then just repetitive and dull .   it is neat seeing mick and the gang in their prime ,  i wish there was not so much over dubbing of dialog so i could hear what there are saying and playing .   the skits are politically dated and incredibly naive and simple ,  sort of poorly written monty python on acid .  i spent more time looking at the late 60's england back drops rather then what was actually happening in the silly skits .   this movie is a good reminder that times really change , and what was important quickly becomes just plain silly .  good song ,  but it has now been played to death by this dvd . 
firstly ,  this is a very dated film ,  non-focused in its exposition of the left wing political revolution .  honestly ,  when someone says that the only way to be truly revolutionary is to cease to be intellectual  (  which in itself is quite nonsensical ,  since the answer was arrived at by precisely being intellectual )  it reduces me to despair ;  as if we all should return to being apes in the name of equality - it is simply ridiculous .  our intellectuality is only one of many human qualities ,  but this does not mean we should not educate ourselves to the highest possible degree .  but no doubt this non-educational message ties in with godard's use of rock music ;  hence the rolling stones .   the song 'sympathy for the devil' ,  whose creation we witness ,  and from which the film takes its name ,  is in fact nothing special .  the chord sequence ,  which is not especially original ,  was used to much better effect in led zeppelin's 'thankyou' ( led zeppelin ii )  .  apart form that ,  'sir' mick jagger declaims in his usually nebulous manner  ( rather like bob dylan ) - notice how the first melodic phrase is unimaginatively repeated over again to form the verse .   besides the fact that the black panthers depicted in this film ,  don't seem to know what they are fighting for ,  the most interesting scenes involve the equation of fascism with pornography ;  a message that in fact undermines the sexual 'liberation' of the 1960s and today  (  indeed ,  a message that would belie the behaviour of the rolling stones around the time the film was made )  .   no wonder ,  the dvd came free with the sunday times !  for a truly profound historical exposition of left-wing sympathy ,  listen to luigi nono's masterpiece ,  'al gran sole carico'd'amore' . 
jean luc godard's marxist polemic is as close to unwatchable a film as you're likely to see from an internationally respected filmmaker .  bits of political theater ,  mind-numbingly boring and interminable ,  are interspersed with the making of  " sympathy for the devil "  ,  featuring the rolling stones in the studio .   the process of the song's development ,  from mick jagger playing a demo on acoustic guitar ,  to the backing vocals being recorded towards the end ,  is fascinating ,  and it's worth renting this film just to see the bits with the stones .  almost half the movie is devoted to this ,  so thanks to the miracle of chapter stops ,  you can skip all the bizarre political skits and just watch the stones put a song together .   when i had this on laserdisc ,  i valiantly attempted to watch it all ,  but i don't see how anyone could get through it .  i finally gave up and just chapter-skipped my way to the stones segments . 
the film-school intellects can drool all they want about the important  ( imagined )  meaning of this film ,  but it's just that :  intellectual drool .  this film is creatively bankrupt ,  and some mistake it's endless self-indulgent wanking as substance .  yeah .    obviously godard wasn't a stones fan .  too bad ,  because this could have been great .  he's capturing the birth of this timeless song and he chooses instead to cover the music with some guy reading out of a true detective mag or some such crap .    then there's the endless shots of what looks like 60's librarians spray-painting words on people's cars .  and then there's the seemingly neverending  " interview "  where the actress was brilliantly instructed to answer only yes or no to all the really deep and intellectual questions .  there's some dude in a purple suit is reading more crap from a book ,  which goes on for ,  oh ,  only about 20 minutes .  and black panthers or something in a junkyard .   it almost sounds intriguing ?  well ,  it's not .   but for unwashed film-school hipsters who don't care squat about the lost opportunities of having full access to the stones bringing sympathy for the devil into the world and would rather hear some english guy reading instead whilst gazing at the covers of nudie mag's ,  this film's a real winner !   more accurately .  .  . maybe godard just blows . 
in the 60's ,  having as the background the rehearsal and recording of  " sympathy for the devil "  in the classic album  " beggar's banquet "  by the revolutionary bad boy rolling stones  mick jagger ,  keith richards ,  charlie watts ,  bill wyman and brian jones  plus marianne faithful ,  godard discloses other contemporary revolutionary and ideological movements  the black power through the black panthers ,  the feminism ,  the communism ,  the fascism - entwined with the reading of a cheap pulp political novel divided in the chapters :   " the stones rolling ;   " outside black novel "  ;   " sight and sound "  ;   " all about eve "  ;   " the heart of occident "  ;   " inside black syntax "  ;  and ,   " under the stones the beach "  .    " sympathy for the devil "  is another pretentious and boring mess of the uneven director jean-luc godard .  the narrative and the footages are awful ,  but fortunately i love the stones and  " sympathy for the devil "  and it is nice to see them in the beginning of their careers ;  otherwise this documentary would be unbearable .  my vote is three .   title  ( brazil )  :   " sympathy for the devil " 
i mean really .  this is not going to help the australian film industry to make this kind of film with no values of any kind .  okay ,  if you're a stoner and have nothing better to do ,  then maybe .  i think film-makers from here should try to show the rest of the world what great talented people we have ,  and this is not the vehicle for it .  come on now ,  this film is just tacky . 
at least the seats in the theater were comfortable and i ate the pop corn as loud as possible to drown out the inferior dialogue .  this is absolutely not a girls film .  any blokes who like it ,  are the ones us ladies can be sure to stay far away from .  dumb story ,  mediocre dialogue and an overall cheap looking film .  i've seen many ,  many movies but this one is the new winner in the bad category .  if you do happen to see it ,  the one thing you'll look forward to is the ending .  so you can finally run out of the theater as fast as you can . 
the cover art  ( which features a man holding a scary pellet gun )  would make it seem as if it's a martial arts film .   ( hardly .  )   i find it interesting that the film's real title is trojan warrior .   ( trojan is a brand of condoms in the us )  this movie is loaded with homoeroticism .  if you like that stuff ,  then this film isn't that bad really .  however ,  consider these points :   there are numerous close-ups of actors' groins & butts ,   ( one scene even features every actor with an erection bulging in his pants .  )  the film is also bathed in gaudy colors like lime ,  peach ,  and red .  from a cinematographer's standpoint ,  this movie's a drag queen !  several scenes feature characters standing extremely close to one another ,  occasionally touching as they converse .  also ,  the cousin of the hero likes women ,  and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him .  is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey ?    shall i go into the fight scenes ?   ( yes ,  someone's private parts get grabbed in one fight .  )  the martial arts scenes are brief and unimaginative .  no fancy stuff here ,  just your standard moves you'd see in an old chuck norris flick .  there's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever low-speed chase put on film . 
this movie sucked plain and simple .  okay so it's basically about a girl that gets raped ,  and to get revenge she gets another guy to rape the rapist .  the rapist is a douche ,  but the girl victim is partly to blame .  i mean they both get in the mood and start kissing and stuff ,  but when the rapist tries to have sex with her ,  she doesn't allow it so the rapist rapes her .  and the thing is the rape scene for the girl is very short and it doesn't really expose or show anything ,  but when it comes to the rapist getting raped ,  it's a pretty long rape scene .  there is basically nothing in the story that is worth watching .   3 . 2/10
well our standards have gone into the toilet .  the direction was poor ,  the acting was mediocre and the writing was amateurish .  and those are the good points .  hopefully there won't be a sequel .  otherwise ,  i might have to leave the country . 
after watching about half of this movie i noticed something peculiar  .  .  .  i found myself constantly switching through tv-channels to see what else is on - not exactly a good movie trait .   this movie is listed as being in a number of genres ,  and i must say it mostly failed misserably in every one of them .  80% through the movie i switched over to watch an old rerun instead .  bottom line - the whole movie felt as if the ones making it didn't exactly know what to make and ended up in a concoction with no discernable taste . 
spoilers herein  my high school did all they could to try and motivate us for exams .  but the most memorable method they used to get us into the right state of mind was a guest speaker ,  who was none other than australian kickboxing's favorite son ,  stan  " the man "  longinidis .  the first mistake they made was giving this guy a microphone ,  because he was screaming half the time despite us sitting no more than 3 or 4 feet away from him .  now ,  his speech was full of the usual  " if you fail to prepare ,  then prepare to fail "  stuff ,  but there were various instances where i got really worked up .  the guy stood there in front of us preaching how throughout his life he did everything for himself and no-one else .  he was offered many deals in the past to give up kick-boxing ,  but he never took his eye off the prize of becoming australia's greatest kick-boxer .  he said that he wasn't a sell-out ,  he was happy and a retiree ,  he wasn't ever involved in any other activity other than kickboxing then he plugged his film .  yes ,  you heard right ,  he plugged his new film .  as he talked about it ,  he got a woman to come in and hold up a poster advertising it ,  and then he showed this shitty 4 minute clip of this vile film called  " trojan warrior "  .   ( this all being before he was defeated by gurkan ozkan in his final career fight  ( for now )  )   stan plays ajax ,  a kick-boxing ex-special forces agent that is pulled into the seedy underworld of melbourne .  ajax's cousin ,  theo  ( arthur angel )  recently sold out  ( well ,  at least stan didn't stray too far away from everything )  to the feds ,  and as a result is on the run from all walks of organized crime .  ajax and theo get into all sorts of ridiculous situations ,  from fighting in a kebab shop to posing as playboys at a bondage party .  it's all pretty ridiculous ,  but if silverstein was actually aiming to make a credible film here ,  this man should never be handed a camera again .    i'll admit ,  i was actually pumped to see this .  i love action films ,  even if they're corny ,  and especially if it's set in my own backyard .  but what i was introduced to was a film with acting that was appalling from the word  " go "  ,  and continued to do so after the words  " for the love of god please make it stop !  "  ,  subplots were introduced and not even touched on again after they were out in the open ,  characters were just thrown in for absolutely no reason whatsoever ,  and the most over-choreographed fight scenes that didn't even remotely reflect stan's actual talent in kickboxing .  the cast consisted of useless cameo appearances by just about anyone remotely famous  ( dermot brereton ,  mark  " chopper "  read and greg matthews )  .  the whole time you're sitting there and playing the guessing game of just who is standing there in the background .  too bad the movie relies heavily on split-second appearances by former celebrities .  remember those plot-holes i told you about ?  ajax once upon a time was apparently locked up ,  wrongly accused for murdering his wife .  now ,  we hear that ajax was in special forces via one single sentence in the whole film ,  and then leave it for buggery .  this is followed by another single sentence which persuades ajax to help the same people who wrongly locked him up .  then ,  get this ,  at the end ,  it is revealed to ajax that his wife isn't actually dead ,  but was sold into prostitution .  do we see her ?  no .  does ajax go off to find her as soon as he hears this ?  no .  now that's a marriage !    amidst all this irritatingly puerile crap ,  some website described this film as  " a cross between jackie chan & guy ritchie "  .  has this man ever sat down and watched a jackie chan film ?  !  chan shows more dexterity taking a dump than stan did doing ,  well ,  anything !  and guy ritchie is the crime-film messiah ,  and you're comparing him to salik silverstein !  ?  this film is more like a mix between  " pizza "  and  " enter the ninja "  .    now ,  where do you thing the whole  " trojan warrior "  title comes from ?  ajax's fierce fighting skills like that of an ancient greek warrior ?  no .  the gangsters' unification to find theo ,  like that of the trojan empire ?  no .  it's because wait for it theo carries a condom around with him .  yes ,  that right ,  because theo is always prepared with a trojan brand rubber in his pocket ,  he is a trojan warrior !    i had the displeasure of seeing  " trojan warrior "  on dvd ,  as well as it's  " special "  features :     video clip of  " chop chop "  ,  a rap song by mark  " chopper "  read :  chopper did this for the sole purpose of proving that anyone can rap .  the funny thing was chopper just rapped for 30 seconds and then threw it over to these two albino teens from doncaster ,  using such words as  " dis "  and  " dope "  etc in their australian accents .  face it people ,  rap was developed in the states ,  leave it there !  the clip looked like something a channel 31 cameraman on ecstasy put together .     bloopers :  there was no real difference between these and the actual film .     stan  " the man "  longinidis kickboxing featurette :  this wasn't too bad ,  considering it was just 6 or 7 different fights shown from different angles  ( i think i saw dennis alexio fall over about 15 times in that 3 minute montage )  .   i don't want to say this film contributes to the reason this country is going to hell when it comes to film ,  but .  .  .  oh wait ,  i just did .  my advice to anyone reading this is for you to go out and buy 4 or 5 copies of  " trojan warrior "  ,  tape them together ,  and use it for a paperweight ,  because this movie is just that damn bad . 
this movie was horrible .  i swear they didn't even write a script they just kinda winged it through out the whole movie .  ice-t was annoying as hell .  *spoilers phht more like reasons not to watch it* they sit down and eat breakfast for 20 minutes .  he coulda been long gone .  the ground was hard it would of been close to impossible to to track him with out dogs .  and when ice-t is on that hill and uses that spaz-15 assault shotgun like its a sniper rifle  ( and then cuts down a tree with eight shells ?  ?  it would take 1000's of shells to cut down a tree that size .  )  shotguns and hand guns are considered to be inaccurate at 100yards .  and they even saw the reflection .  what reflected the light ?  ?  i didn't see a scope on that thing .  also when he got shot in the gut and kept going ,  that was retarded he would of bled to death right there .  plusthe ending where he stuffs a rock or a cigarette in the guys barrel .  it wouldn't blow up and kill him .  the bullet would still fire kill ice t but mess up the barrel . 
ice-t stars as mason a homeless african-american who finds himself hunted by wealthy hunters  ( rutger hauer , gary busey , charles s .  dutton ,  f . murray abraham , william mcnamara and john c .  mcginley )  however mason proves to be much harder prey then the usual targets in this ridiculous and slow paced actioner which takes too long setting up actionscenes and then totally botching them . 
this movie could have been so much better with a script rewrite .  not that i expect a great deal of plausibility in movies ,  but you'd think that even the homeless and urban-dwelling jack mason would question why a group of experienced hunters would want to hire him as a hunting guide .  and upon reaching the hunting grounds ,  poor ice-t plays his part as if he is actually going to lead these men through woods he's never seen before .   and how does jack mason find thomas burns back in seattle ?   i'm assuming this movie was based on richard connell's short story  " the most dangerous game .  "  a few years ago i showed this movie to a class of 9th grade students after they read the story .  i reedited the movie ,  cutting out all the pointless scenes and all the profanity .  it ended up being 43 minutes long . 
had the original casting idea been kept  ( hunting rutger ,  not ice-t )  ,  this movie might have worked .  sadly ,  racism had to come into the picture  ( literally )  and mess it up .  the predominantly black production staff couldn't allow the antagonist be black ,  so they swapped rutger's and ice-t's roles .  this was only the start of the downward spiral of this film .  ernest dickerson's news-room approach to 'directing' only verified that this was another affirmative-action job assignment .  master shot ,  close up ,  close up .  gads ,  'who's line is it anyway' even uses more creative camera work .  eric's rewrite of 'the most dangerous game' is at least an attempt at modernizing the classic tale ,  but fails to give us any motivations for why the characters are doing this .  we are never given the reasons ,  other than  " no one will miss these people "  ,  why the leader  ( re-written as rutger )  does these things .  aside from a heart-felt performance by john mcginley ,  and a fair job by charles dutton ,  do not bother with this one .  one small bit of trivia ,  there was a real drunk-driving accident during filming that injured f . murray abraham ,  and resulted in the death of the intoxicated young driver that caused the accident . 
johnny and jeremy are vampires of sorts .  minus the fangs ,  of course .  they're dark ,  bitter creatures with nothing better to do than to spread their own misery .  through their charms  ( namely a sharp tongue and a fat wallet ,  respectively )  they seduce desperate souls ,  who they proceed to torment and victimize .  that's more or less the basis of this black comedy ,  as i understand it .   it's not a blend of black humor that i can easily subscribe to ,  partly because it bothers me to imagine the audience rooting for the sleazy ,  main character .  i did enjoy ,  however ,  the sound and the melody of the rapid-fire  ( and supposedly very witty )  remarks .  i was very impressed by the cast's strong acting ,  particularly david thelis's ;  only the character of jeremy seemed too bi-dimensional .  the photography and the music ,  both dramatic and somber ,  work very well together .    what really turns me off about  " naked "   ( and the main reason i'd never recommend it to anyone )  is the way it repeatedly seems to present misogyny as a valid way to vent one's angst .  in other words ,  in a world that sucks so bad ,  what difference does it make if one inflicts some pain on girls ,  right ?  to suggest  ( as some have on this website )  that johnny is not so unkind a person because he's not as rough on girls as jeremy ,  seems completely absurd to me .  they're both terrible ,  nasty people .  and they're particularly keen on hurting women every single time they get a chance .  one could argue that johnny eventually gets what he deserves ,  as if his bad karma suddenly swung straight back and bit him in the ass .  but still ,  his and jeremy's sadistic behavior are treated to a certain degree as a laughing matter .  and i could be wrong ,  but i'm guessing that most people who absolutely love this movie also find that aspect of the film darkly comical . 
just emailed a friend who's in film school about this flick .  something to avoid when making a film - characters blabbering senseless ,  overwrought ,  convoluted monologues on screen that are ultimately trite and unconvincing .  if the film is an attempt at social realism ,  these verbal barrages are so over-the-top that they actually draw attention to the film constructed as film and effectively neutralize that intent .  is it the acting ,  or the script that is bad ,  or both ?   the protagonist is also highly unbelievable for social realism - ravenously consuming canonical english literature and the bible while high or hungover and able to produce such profoundly sophomoric soliloquies while intoxicated ?  and how is such an unattractive ,  unwashed and verbally noxious character able to bed most of the women he meets within minutes of encountering them ?   ( i had to applaud when one chick finally threw him out onto the street ,  despite his whining and self-pitying banter )  .   the viewer encounters pretentious references to ancient greek literature ,  nostradamus and the book of revelations .  the impending doom of mankind ,  in the form of bar codes imprinted on our foreheads or right hands in spooky biblical fashion ,  is presented to a character who is oh-so-cleverly exposed in his role as a guardian of empty space .    this flick is over-scripted and over the top - a melodrama clumsily infused with pedestrian  " philosophy "  about the meaning of mankind ,  life ,  etc .  it is trite ,  overwrought and tedious .   there are some very fine english films available with content similar to this film .   " nil by mouth "  is an excellent ,  far more interesting excursion into the lives of individuals in a similar social milieu .  ditto for  " in the warzone .  "  and although the comparison is not even warranted ,  check out anything by peter greenaway ,  who far more deftly handles dialogue ,  wit and absurd characters and situations . 
i really must watch a good movie soon ,  because it seems every other entry or so is something that i despise .  however my history speaks ,  i must not tell a lie .  bobby deerfield and everything about it sucks big green banana peels .  i never thought that i would see a film thud as thunderously as this one did .  al pacino isn't acting in this film :  he's posing .  there are many ,  many scenes of his character ,  who is a race car driver ,  just staring at the camera .  he's perfectly awful .  marthe keller is just as bad .  these two are supposed to be in a love affair ,  and there is simply no chemistry whatsoever .  sydney pollack directed this film ?  there's no trace of the genius behind tootsie here .  is this the same man i cheered for in eyes wide shut ?  i can hardly believe it .  save yourself a horrible movie experience .  run ,  don't walk ,  away from bobby deerfield . 
rosario dawson stars as a girl who is date raped and then begins a decent into darkness until given a chance at revenge .  while its clear why dawson took the role ,  its a chance to show her acting chops and to make a small independent ,  decidedly un-hollywood film ,  its also clear that aside from stunning good looks ,  dawson seems out of place in the role .  forgive me i simply couldn't find her .  thats not a mistake ,  thats how i felt ,  i had no idea where she was .  yes i know she's on the screen but even though i spent the better part of two hours looking at her she left no impression on me whats so ever .  i blame the script for this since other than the ending ,  not a whole heck of a lot that happened on screen seemed to make any real sense .  the people seemed to be more posture than real and what happens didn't seem to fit together .  forgive me for being vague but nothing in this film ,  other than the end  ( which i would love to talk about but can't cause it would spoil it )  ,  and the image of rosario dawson as nothing more than an image ,  stayed with me . what can i say ,  this may click with you ,  it may not ,  for me it's time i can't get back .  for rosario dawson fans only ,  though be warned there's several real reasons why this is nc17 .   ( and rosario- please ,  you're a better actress ,  pick better scripts ) 
from beginning to end ,  this is the most emotionally overwrought movie about nothing i have ever seen .  the characterizations and interactions between the title character and marthe kller's character are pure torture .  the racetrack as metaphor gimmick is so overplayed that it borders on cliche ,  yet director pollack treats every hairpin turn as if it were something profoundly important .   maybe there's some value for a msft3000 re-playing of some of the scenes ,  such as pacino getting in touch with his inner female ,  for goof value .  but ,  even such accidental humor is hard to find in this total turkey . 
the entire thing is very beautiful to look at .  . the european location shooting was a good idea .  the lead actors are attractive .  the score is servicable .   but then they spoke !  and the non-plot developed !  and it was all downhill from there .  pacino is sleepwalking and keller keeps talking about how bored she is .  . hello ,  dear ,  you're not alone .  when he does a mae west imitation ,  you might have to hide your face ,  its that painful to watch .   i can't imagine how either actor or director sydney pollack got involved with this ,  or a better question ,  why it ended up stinking so bad ?   since death is represented in almost every scene ,  one way or another ,  maybe you're supposed to have low enjoyment here .  maybe its supposed to feel as empty and cold as death .  but i still can't recommend it . 
i made a special effort to see this movie and was totally disappointed with the outcome .  on paper ,  the script seems hopeful ,  and the choice of actors leaves one with hopes - i liked pacino in scent of a woman and have seen anny duperrey and marthe keller in several french and other films of the 70s/80s .  but i had forgotten how important a part dialogues can play in a film ,  and in this film they are absolute  .  .  .  .  .  trash  !  the filming locations were also attractive but the hopeless ,  pretentious and forced dialogues pulled the whole thing down to sub zero level .  in addition to that ,  i am pretty allergic to the world of motor racing and find no interest in this sport .  even the inelegant dialogues in  " love story "  were better than the ones in this film  ( and that's saying something  !  !  )  .  i was really expecting better from this film and was very disappointed to have been let down so much . 
one of the most peculiar oft-used romance movie plots is this one :  a seriously messed-up man falls in love with a terminally ill woman ,  who turns his life around before dying .  occasionally this story is done well and realistically  ( as in  " the theory of flight "  ,  an excellent weepie )  ,  but more frequently it's done like it is here ,  where as usual the heroine dies of  " old movie disease "  .  you know ,  the terminal illness that has no symptoms but one fainting spell and a need to lie down as you're telling your lover goodbye forever ;  and your looks aren't affected one bit  ( and since this is the 70's ,  neither is your sex life )  .  this is one of the worst versions made of that particular story ,  where a very silly script puts two incompatible and unbelievable characters together ,  and they're played by actors who are completely at sea .   this has got to be the worst performance of al pacino's career ,  and i say that after having seen  " the devil's advocate "  only two days ago !  he plays a control-freak ,  emotionally constipated race-car driver ,  and plays an unlikeable character lifelessly .  he seems to constantly be asking himself why he's staying around the grating marthe keller  ( so does the audience )  ,  and spends most of the movie just .  .  .  standing there ,  usually with his mouth hanging open .  the only time he shows any sign of life is towards the end ,  where his character proves that he's changed from uptight to liberated by doing a hilariously bad mae west imitation .  hey ,  it *was* the seventies !   marthe keller is equally terrible as the dying love interest ;  her character was conceived as bold and free and touching and uninhibited and full of life even though dying ,  and was probably meant to be played with an actress with the sensitivity of ,  say ,  vanessa redgrave or julie christie .  instead ,  they got the expressionless face and heavy german accent of ms .  keller ,  who comes across as more of a scary teutonic stereotype  (  " you vill eat ze omelet !  "  )  than anything like lovable .  she's supposed to be reforming pacino and filling him with courage and spirit and all that ,  but it doesn't work that way ,  it's more like she's harping on his faults in the most obnoxious possible fashion .  this makes for one of the least convincing romances in movie history ,  where you can't believe she'd be with someone she finds so worthless ,  and you can't believe he's with someone who gets on his nerves that much .   some bad-movie fans call this a cult classic ,  mostly because of pacino's silly  " liberating "  mae west imitation .  the scene is a scream ,  especially in context ,  but not worth sitting through the rest of the film for .  no ,  only see the film if you're a serious bad-movie aficionado who is especially interested in studying extreme lack of chemistry between leading actors ,  or very bad casting  ( not only are the leads terrible ,  but pacino's other girlfriend is played by an actress who looks and sounds just likes keller with shorter hair ,  i got them totally confused )  .  this isn't one of those laugh-a-minute bad movies like  " the conqueror "  ,  it's just a really ,  really bad movie .   
if utterly facile ,  regressive ,  self-indulgent ,  anti-establishment ,  anti-civilisation juvenilia appeals to you ,  then this is the ideal film .  very poorly scripted ,  with often inaudible dialogue and infuriatingly tiresome hand-held camera throughout ,  this is a film that presents the world in appealingly simplistic ,  manichean terms :  all adults  ( especially teachers ,  parents ,  priests and doctors )  are insensitive and bumbling at best ,  and predatory monsters at worst .  the only escape from the horrors of civilisation as a whole is plenty of primal screaming  ( yawn )  and infantile regression  ( literally )  in a primitive cave-like space in the woods ,  with utopia taking the form of a rave party - again ,  in the woods  ( naturally .  .  .  )  .  displays all the weaknesses of a first film ,  and plenty more besides . 
cheap and manipulative .  this film has no heart .   it's also got dire dialogue ,  unconvincing characters and a preposterous ,  or rather non-existent ,  story .  it just lurches from bad to worse in a cynical effort to wrench some kind of emotion from an insincere and unengaging hysterion-afest !   and the hedgehog !  !  !  ! how many cheap shots can a film take ?  the hedgehog ,  by the way ,  gave the most convincing and watchable performance in this ninety-minute cringe-athon .   if you have considered watching this film ,  don't .  i'm sorry but i cannot find a single redeeming feature to this movie .  it scores a big ,  fat zero with me .  strictly for sub-dogma knicker-wetters .  yawneroony !   still ,  if you liked dancing in the dark .  .  .   
my brother tom   aspect ratio :  1 . 85 : 1  sound format :  dolby digital  following an episode of sexual abuse at the hands of a trusted neighbor ,  young jessica  ( jenna harrison )  forms a relationship with a strange boy  ( ben whishaw )  she meets in the woods .  unfortunately ,  whishaw has secrets of his own ,  no less troubling and far more dangerous .  .  .   dour drama ,  sparked by brave performances by harrison and whishaw ,  in which two kindred spirits immerse themselves in a mutual love of nature after being traumatized by their experiences in the 'real world' .  unfortunately ,  their friendship unravels as harsh reality begins to intrude ,  leading to an inevitable tragedy .  directed by dom rotheroe and photographed in digital video format ,  the movie looks ragged in places  ( too many awkward close-ups and sloppy hand-held camera moves )  and takes a while to find its feet ,  but the dramatic pay-off is quietly rewarding . 
amelia and michael are a married couple that are cheating on each other .  amelia has a long-time lover in the hospital and michael hires a prostitute that doesn't satisfy him .  the two smolder with their infidelity but manage to connect to each other in the end .   there's not a whole lot to this particular short .  the direction is straight-forward and dramatic ,  which is good ,  the acting is sincere ,  but the story leaves a little bit to be desired .  why ,  exactly ,  do we care about these two people ?  it's a little hard to see how this story sticks out from any other infidelity story except that it's much more pared down and doesn't search for meaning in it  ( a welcoming change of pace if anything )  .   i don't know ,  it's possible i don't connect to these stories because i've never experienced them .  but i have noticed that the blocking in these narratives are typically the same ,  i . e .  ,  a couple talking together while avoiding eye-contact by pretending to be immersed in magazines ,  etc .  the nice things about short films is that they provide a bit more room for trying something different ,  and i'd like to see a different take .   --polarisdib
uta hagen's  " respect for acting "  is the standard textbook in many college theater courses .  in the book ,  hagen presents two fundamentally different approaches to developing a character as an actor :  the presentational approach ,  and the representational approach .  in the presentational approach ,  the actor focuses on realizing the character as honestly as possible ,  by introducing emotional elements from the actor's own life .  in the representational approach ,  the actor tries to present the effect of an emotion ,  through a high degree of control of movement and sound .   the representational approach to acting was still partially in vogue when this hamlet was made .  british theater has a long history of this style of acting ,  and olivier could be said to be the ultimate king of the representational school .   time has not been kind to this school of acting ,  or to this movie .  nearly every working actor today uses a presentational approach .  to the modern eye ,  olivier's highly enunciated ,  stylized delivery is stodgy ,  stiff and stilted .  instead of creating an internally conflicted hamlet ,  olivier made a declaiming ,  self-important bullhorn out of the melancholy dane -- an acting style that would have carried well to the backs of the larger london theaters ,  but is far too starchy to carry off a modern hamlet .   and so the movie creaks along ungainfully today .  olivier's tendency to e-nun-ci-ate makes some of hamlet's lines unintentionally funny :   " in-stead ,  you must ac-quire and be-get a tem-purr-ance that may give it .  .  .  smooth-ness !  "  instead of crying at meeting his father's ghost  ( as any proper actor could )  ,  bright fill lights in olivier's pupils give us that impression .   eileen herlie is the only other actor of note in this hamlet ,  putting in a good essay at the queen ,  despite the painfully obvious age differences  ( he was 41 ;  she was 26 )  .  the other actors in this movie have no chance to get anything else of significance done ,  given olivier's tendency to want to keep !  the camera !  on him !  at all !  times !    sixty years later ,  you feel the insecurity of the shakespearean stage actor who lacked the confidence to portray a breakable ,  flawed hamlet ,  and instead elected to portray a sort of elizabethan bullhorn .  final analysis :   " i would have such a fellow whipped for o'er-doing termagant ;  it out-herods herod :  pray you ,  avoid it .  " 
i love alec guinness .  and that's saying a lot after this film .  actually ,  he is not bad in it .  he just seems to stand aside ,  be urbane and his usual delightful self ,  but invest nada .  it is obvious the girl he is matched with is a featherweight ,  even as an inexperienced young french girl .  sir alec wouldn't have chosen her when he was young and very obviously isn't too happy about it now .   the interesting character is the brooding brother of the odd  " suzanne "  ,  another twit .   " donald "  aspires to be a french heathcliffe and i waited in vain for the source of his mystery .  what deep dark secret was he hiding behind that forehead ?  was he in love with the father's mistress ?  why did he jerk suzanne's hair when she plotted to bring the disparate parts of this turkey together on the country estate ?  or perhaps he had simply had enough of her obnoxious acting .   the film would have been charming with guiness and the  " older woman "  reminiscing and seeing paris together .  that would have been a great story !  two lovely experienced people in a beautiful city after the destruction of world war ii .  why didn't somebody come up with that ?  i suggest watching alec guiness in  " the card "  ,  a little known but worthwhile film . 
revenge is one of my favorite themes in film .  moreso ,   " the futility of revenge "  is one of my favorite themes in film .  having seen gaspar noe's irreversible  ( 2002 )  ,  i was expecting an even more relevant expression of this theme .  instead ,  this film is a weak half-hearted attempt which expressed nothing but the film's lack of conviction and focus .   *spoilers* the end scene ,  a gratuitous male-on-male rape/torture scene ,  came across as nothing less than a female revenge rape fantasy .  however ,  the film doesn't even follow through with this .  instead ,  the drawn out scene  ( which far exceeds the brutality of the initial rape both in the degree to which it was graphic and to which it was ritualized )  is crowned with a shot of dawson's face in an expression of either regret or  " this didn't fix anything "  while the rape of her rapist is heard continuing in the background .   my problem with the scene wasn't one of shock ,  but one of confusion as to what such a graphic scene was trying to get across to the audience .  i mean ,  do we feel bad for the rapist ?  do we rejoice in dawson's revenge ?  are we disgusted by the brutality of it all ?  do we feel dawson's moment of regretful clarity ?  aside from this failing ,  the film is really sort of awkwardly paced with more style than substance .  character's are thin ,  dialog is monotonous ,  etc .   normally i try to take films on their own terms but descent didn't really seem to know what those were .  thumbs down . 
in a recent biography of alec guinness i couldn't find too much about to paris with love .  i'm sure guinness did the film to get a free trip to paris out of it .  the film has no other reason for existence .   paris of course is nicely photographed with that wonderful opening of guinness and his son driving down the champs elysee with the arc de triomphe in the background .  unfortunately it goes downhill from there .   there is just no chemistry at all between guinness and the young girl who he has a brief fling with in paris .  according to the recent biography of guinness by piers paul read ,  guinness positively disliked the girl ,  found her conduct unprofessional .  as to what odile vernois thought of her co-star ,  no record is available .  they have as much chemistry as two neutered cats .   guinness does have a good moment in the film which was straight from one of his ealing comedies as he climbs a tree trying to retrieve a badminton shuttlecock .  but i wouldn't wait through the film for it .   at least alec got a trip to paris out of the deal . 
warning !  small plot details revealed !   i can find virtually nothing positive to say about this film .  it is written so badly that every character is a caricature ,  yet it seems to take itself seriously .  it is poorly cast ,  especially ralph macchio  ( all baby-faced ,  5-foot-nothing of him )  as a streetwise tough .  plot elements are all drawn in black and white ,  with every situation almost immediately escalating to some extreme climax .   most egregious of all  ( plot element about to be revealed )  it has perhaps the most gratuitous and contrived nude scene in the history of semi-serious film .  one can just imagine the filmmakers saying ,   " we need jobeth to shed her top .  .  . hmmm .  .  . i've got it !  .  .  . early in the film ,  let's give nick some ridiculous dialogue about baring yourself in the hallways .  .  . then jobeth can use that line on him later and really bare herself in the hallway .  .  . yeah ,  that's the ticket !  "   i will give the producers credit for tackling a weighty subject in 1984 ,  one that proved all too weighty in the late 90's with events like columbine .  however ,  the execution is dreadful .  this film could have been a dark comedy in the vein of  " heathers "  ,  a campy political statement like  " network "  or a serious examination like  " brubaker "  .  instead ,  it tries to be all of these things -- and ends up being none of these things .   " teachers "  get an f . 
though i never like to be the sort of person who negates another's personal taste ;  if you like something ,  that's fine .  but ,  this movie was horrible and there is no way around it .  i don't like ani difranco too much ,  but she's a great guitarist and songwriter ,  that i can admit .  but i can't admit to there being any redeeming qualities to this film .  many people way that it is an accurate portrayal of issues that high school students face .  maybe ,  but everything is portrayed too far-fetched .  there seems to be an attempt at a  " naked gun "  - esque kind of comedy ,  but the timing is off ;  there is too much space between each actors line ,  as if they're holding for laughter  ( there wasn't any )  .  whoever wrote the script was all over the place .  they tried to cram as many controversial issues together in one film ,  almost never fully developing any of them  ( especially the girl getting impregnated by a teacher )  .  i did not laugh once throughout this entire movie .  i was too insulted by this attempt at humor and satire to do anything but roll my eyes at the screen . 
  this movie sucks .  ridiculous  " school "  athmosphere ,  unbelievable students that are very bad and behave like criminals but then later after the  " good teacher "  nick nolte taught them they became as good and as quiet as kittens .   if this works for you ,  it doesn't for me .  0 out of 10
as an ex-teacher (  !  )  i must confess to cringing through many scenes - 'though i continued to watch to the end .  i wonder why ?  !   ( boredom ,  perhaps ?  )   : - )   the initial opening scenes struck me as incredibly mish-mashed and unfocussed .  the plot ,  too ,  although there were some good ideas - the plight of a relief teacher ,  for example - were not concentrated enough in any one direction for 3-d development .   not one of mr nolte's finer moments .  as to young mr macchio ,  does he speak that way in *every* movie ?   plot and acting complaints aside ,  the hair-styles alone were a nostalgic  ( if nauseating )  trip .   
i joined this site to see what comments people would make about this absolute disaster of a film .  i wasn't drawn in for even a second .  the characters were all one-dimensional .  they threw every topic they could think of hoping something would stick .  i would bet  ( and hope )  that everyone involved in teachers looks back with embarrassment .  there are some great actors here but you would never know it .  thank god it didn't destroy morgan freeman's or judd hirsh's or nick nolte's or laura dern's careers .  there was no vision ,  no labor of love here ,  only a horrible effort gone wrong .  btw i don't think the writer ever set foot in a real school . 
people who actually liked problem child  ( 1990 )  need to have their heads examined .  who would take the idea of watching a malevolent little boy wreak havoc on others and deem it funny ?  the movie is not funny ,  ever ,  in any way ,  beginning to end .  it wants to be a cartoon ,  but the writers don't realize that slapstick isn't funny when people get attacked by bears ,  or hit with baseball bats .  it may be funny in cartoons ,  but not in a motion picture .   the film's young hero is junior  ( michael oliver )  who ,  since he was a baby ,  has been placed at the front doors of foster parents for adoption .  the families reject him ,  because junior tends to give them a hard time .   he is then thrown into an orphanage ,  where he terrorizes the nuns ,  and writes pen pal letters to the convicted bow-tie killer  ( michael richards )  .  he is soon adopted by ben and flo healy  ( the late john ritter and his wife ,  amy yasbeck )  ,  who are dying to have a child ,  in order to be just like every other parent in their neighborhood .   junior becomes a member of the healy household ,  and  " little "  ben takes an interest in him ,  despite the fact that he destroys a camping trip by luring a bear onto the site ,  or throws a cat at his father  " big "  ben  ( jack warden )  ,  a bigoted politician .   i think that we're supposed to care for junior so that we can root for him when he gets his revenge on people .  his new mother ,  flo ,  is a bitch ,  his grandfather is completely selfish ,  and one little girl--who despises adopted kids--is such a spoiled brat .   but what junior does to get the last laughs isn't funny- -it's mean ,  cruel ,  and sometimes life-threatening .   and what is the film's message ?  that kids should resolve problems with violence and vandalism ?  that they should seek friendship by writing to convicted killers ?  they definitely don't what it's like to be a bad kid .  junior isn't a one--he's just a sadistic ,  little twerp .  there used to be a time when it was bad for kids to beat up others .  now ,  everybody's laughing when junior beats up kids with a baseball bat .   it's a shame that this movie has been marketed as a  " family comedy .  "  what's worse is that problem child is rated pg .  what was the mpaa thinking when they saw this ?  there's a lot of profanity and mean-spirited pranks here ,  that one may wonder about the dividing between the pg and the pg-13 .   kids will enjoy this ,  but parents will be shocked at what is being depicted on screen .  and to most people ,  problem child will be considered a  " guilty pleasure "  classic ;  a film that someone will shamefacedly admit to liking ,  even though the prevailing opinion ,  as put forth by more serious viewers ,  is that the movie is a piece of crap . 
i can't for the life of me remember why--i must have had a free ticket or something--but i saw this movie in the theater when it was released .  i don't remember who i went with ,  which theater i was in ,  or even which city .  all i remember was how offended i was at this travesty someone dared to call a film ,  and how half the people in the theater walked out before the movie was over .  unfortunately i stuck it out to end ,  which i still consider to be one of the worst mistakes of my life thus far .  my offense became pure horror when just before the closing credits the smarmy demon child sticks his head out from behind a sign and says  " look for problem child 2 ,  coming soon !  "  that was hands-down the most terrifying moment ever recorded on film .   the plot ,  if i recall correctly ,  involved john ritter and perhaps his wife  ( lord ,  how i've tried without success to block this film out of my mind )  adopting a  " problem child .  "  maybe they think they can reform him ,  or something .  i really don't know .  if that was their intent ,  they fail miserably because from first frame to last this child remains the brattiest ,  rudest ,  most horrid demon-spawn ever to hit the big screen .  forget damian ,  forget rosemary's baby .  this kid takes the cake .  the only difference is ,  we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he's a  " problem child .  "  however ,  this is impossible since this child is quite likely the most unsympathetic character ever portrayed .  you want to kill him through the entire film ,  and when  ( spoiler ,  like anyone cares )  john ritter decides to keep the vile hell-child you will be yelling  " send him back !  "  in shocked disgust  ( like several of the people at the theater where i saw it did )  .   this is only the second movie i have given a  " 1 "  to on the imdb .  the other was superman iv ,  and by god i couldn't tell you which was worse .  john ritter had a quote in tv guide about the time that problem child 3 ,  which he was not in ,  came out .  he said something like  " the only way i would do another [problem child] sequel is if they dragged my dead body back to perform .  "  amen to that !   i would rather watch a 24-hour marathon of police academy sequels than see even twenty minutes of problem child again .  1/10 ,  only because i can't give it a negative score ,  which is what it really deserves .  someone burn the original negatives of this film ,  please ! 
problem child is one of the worst movies i have seen in the last decade !  this is a bad movie about a savage boy adopted by two parents ,  but he gets into trouble later .  that junior can drive grandpa's car .  he can scare people with a bear .  he can put a room on fire !  it is a bad movie as much as battlefield earth .  a sequel is an even worse fate .  rent chicken run instead .   *1/2 out of **** i give it . 
 " problem child "  is one of the goofiest movies ever made .  it's not the worst  ( though some people will disagree with me on that )  ,  but it's not the best either .  it's about a devilish 7-year-old boy who wrecks comic havoc on a childless couple  ( john ritter ,  amy yasbeck )  who foolishly adopts him .  this film is too silly and unbelievable because i don't buy for one second that a child could act as unrurly as the kid does in this film .  it's asinine and preposterous although i did laugh several times throughout  ( i really don't know why )  .  but i can't recommend this film .  i know i'm being too kind to it .  if there is one positive thing about  " problem child "  is that it's better than the sequel which was just awful .    **  ( out of four ) 
i have to admit i've caught this one a few times on the usa network .  there's just something about the ,  well ,  sheer stupidity of this flick which makes me want to watch it whenever it's on .  yes ,  you're right about the sub-par acting ,  the plot which only an seven year old could like ,  etc .  but i can't help feeling sympathetic toward some of the actors .  then again ,  a few of these actors signed up for the even more atrocious sequel . 
having just recently re-viewed  " lipstick "  for the first time in a few decades ,  i backed it with  " descent "  even though i have heard more negative comments than good from other film friends with tastes as varied as mine .   it's interesting to contrast how the unique niche of the rape revenge movie has evolved in the past 32 years ,  from the full-on gore of  " i spit on your grave ,  "  to the tawdry sensationalism of  " lipstick ,  "  to the tasteful handling of the issue in  " the accused .  "  but  " descent ,  "  though making some important points ,  never really offers us anything truly new in terms of revelatory meaning .  no ,   " descent "  is so poorly made in terms of picture and sound quality that it detracts from any significant message it could hope to make --- a message that ,  when examined closely ,  isn't that groundbreaking .   i pretty much knew the plot going in .  what i wanted to see *was* the  " descent "  or degeneration of dawson's character .  being a big fan of rosario's ,  i was anxious to see the layers being stripped away and her psyche being slowly twisted .  .  . you know ,  the kind of portrayal deniro brings to  " taxi driver .  "  unfortunately ,  the script and the director/writer's choices don't provide any sort of believable transition .   the biggest point of failure is the second act .  it became obvious what the filmmaker's intentions were for this segment of club-hopping ,  drug use ,  and obsession with big black stallion adrian  ( every white boy's nightmare ,  natch )  from a q&a on the dvd ,  but this excursion into dawson's character is never believably rendered .  we don't know exactly what the hell she's doing half the time ,  what she's after ,  or why she's doing it .  the poor quality of the audio/video again don't help ,  but the sequence is just too damn long and pointless .  it destroys any momentum and investment in the lead character set up during the otherwise exceptionally well-done first act .  by the time we get to the finale ,  our interest has already waned .   one point of success that dawson does point out in the q&a is that by the end  " revenge "  scene we are pumped for retribution ,  then realize just how drawn-out and ugly the reality is .  while that's certainly valid ,  it doesn't make the scene any more intriguing .   if you have the dvd ,  check out the deleted  " classroom "  scene .  this is an excellent 8 minute plus outtake that crackles with energy and provocation  ( though all verbal )  and really does show dawson's slow crack-up materializing as she delightfully vivisects poor francie swift's prissy ,  condescending dorm counselor .  if more expository scenes like this had been added and more of the middle third cut down ,  we might have an interesting psychological study of the impact of senseless acts of violence .   as the film stands in the final cut ,  though ,  all we get is what we've seen before ,  only in a more graphic rendering .  so what ? 
i remember watching this movie several times as a very young kid ,  and there were parts of it  ( many in fact )  that i did not understand .  i think i have seen it once as an adult ,  and i then understood those parts .  the only problem with viewing it as an adult was that it was not entertaining to me at all .  so what kind of movie is this ?  is it a  " kids movie "  ?  not hardly .  it contains language and subject matter not suitable for kids .  is it a hyperbole of what every parent feels like they are going through with their own children ?  maybe ,  but then why wouldn't it focus more on john ritter's character instead of junior ?  when a film has a 7-year-old as its main character ,  in order to do well with it's audience ,  it should be a movie for the seven and under crowd ,  otherwise people older than that will have no way to relate  ( even 8-year-olds wouldn't want to see a movie about a kid who is whole year younger than them )  .  i'm pretty sure this film did not do well in the box office ,  and the reason has to be because it was unable to find a niche in the market . 
the first scene in 'problem child' has a baby peeing into a nun's face .  for this movie ,  that's witty .  a nasty ,  mean-spirited 'comedy' ,  it's inept on so many levels it beggars belief .  john ritter is the kind father who adopts the child from hell ,  and kudos to him for maintaining his dignity in the surrounding onslaught of one-note ,  annoying performances and puerile humour .  and what the hell's jack warden doing in this mess ?  slackly directed by dennis dugan and obnoxious in its attempts to turn on the sentimentality when it's done with the crudity ,  the movie is made so badly it's quite a bizarre experience .  but never mind all that .  the lowlight of the whole thing is michael oliver ,  the most repulsive and unlikeable kid actor ever to hit the screen  believe me ,  you will want to smack him right in the mouth . 
this kid is rather bad ,  but in no way do they make him the type that outsmarts adults and can foil experienced thieves at every turn .  no ,  he is not so much a brat ,  as he is a kid with severe emotional problems .  a nice couple looking to adopt get rather suckered into adopting him and while the husband is a bit more willing to give this kid a chance the mother is not .  through in a bizarre michael richards character and the always annoying gilbert gottfried and you have yourself a rather bad movie with a few laughs in it here and there .  i actually prefer the sequel to this film as i like the fact they brought amy yasbeck back as a different more likable character as there are one to many characters in this film that are thoroughly unlikable as it is .  even the kid is rather annoying at first in this one ,  and they kind of chill him out in the sequel too .  the plot is simple enough though as the prospective parents go to adopt this kid that they think is great by the way the orphanage is throwing a party as they depart ,  they soon realize they have themselves a little hellion .  add to that this little hellion getting into contact with a convict of some sort .  not sure about this character ,  at first i thought it was supposed to be his real father or something .  not all that good ,  but i will pick this ahead of that culkin kid any day of the week . 
my girlfriend and i were stunned by how bad this film was .  after 15 minutes we would have called it quits except we were too curious to see if the film could possibly redeem itself .  it didn't .   i can't understand the praise given to this film .  the writing was downright awful and delivered by some of the worst acting i have seen in a very long time .   one thing that especially annoyed me about this film was that often when people were talking to each other there was an unnatural pause between lines .  i understand using a pause to create a feeling of awkwardness  ( like in happiness )  .  this was not that type of pause -- it was just simply bad directing .  this film might actually be much better with subtitles ,  and maybe the overseas market is the best one for this film ,  because then the innane dialogue and bad acting wouldn't be noticed as much .   i generally like these types of small quirky films  ( the real blonde ,  walking and talking ,  lovely and amazing )  ,  but this one failed on so many levels that i consider it one of the very worst films i have sat through in the last few years . 
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen !  i saw it at the toronto film festival and totally regret wasting my time .  completely unwatchable with no redeeming qualities whatsoever .   steer clear . 
don't waste 90 minutes of your time on  " fast food ,  fast women .  "  it's annoyingly episodic script with three story lines patched together is laughably bad due to predictable writing ,  horrific acting ,  and even bad music .  i found the anorexic main character upsetting to watch every time she was on screen .  she needs the fast food .   spend the 90 minutes you'd devote to this turkey doing something more exciting .  .  . like trimming your toenails .  you'd have more entertainment value .   the only redeeming thing about this film is louise lasser ,  but she deserves much better than this tired script .  it's as impotent as the elder guy she courts in the movie .   viewer beware ! 
this movie was billed as a comedy and a mystery .  it fails badly at both .  the only mystery here is why would anybody make such a poorly constructed movie .  the only comedy is the laugh i got when i saw how high the readers here ranked it .  could there be two movies with the same name ?  the movie i saw starred a girl with pretty blue eyes and a plot that wasn't there .   
story starts slow and nothing funny happens for a while .  all the action is in the end ,  but you won't have to laugh because the movie is funny ,  but because the story is pathetic .   the funniest part is when harvey 'i'm not paranoia' keitel really loses it and the judge starts a massacre .  oscars for this guy ! 
it's pretty bad when the generic movie synopsis has more information than the film itself .  the paragraph-long  " plot summary "  written on the movie page has details i could not glean from watching the actual movie .  i found myself constantly backing it up to see what details i had just missed which could tell me what the  ( bleep )  was going on .  alas ,  to no avail--this movie leaves out monstrous pieces of the story ,  if you could call it a story .  it's like they were trying to fool us into thinking that there was some kind of movie here ,  filming just enough so that there was the resemblance of a story and leaving the rest to our imaginations .  newsflash to the the creators :  i paid to watch you make a movie .  i can sit home and imagine plots and story lines for free .  and rosario dawson ?  this is somebody i've never paid enough attention to to be able to put the name to the face ,  and i can see why .  she had one of the most artificial performances i have ever seen for a leading character in any movie ,  a or b .  i figured okay ,  maybe she didn't really want the role ,  just got a hefty offer for a movie she wasn't into ?  wrong .  she was listed as one of the producers .  next time you produce something ,  don't book yourself as the lead if you can't act .  if you really can ,  then create a decent character for you to become .  also ,  somebody here mentioned the white/latino issue--yes ,  i hate to say it ,  but this movie does come across as an act of vengeance against white college-age males who wear baseball hats .  that's what happens when there is nothing in the movie to endear the watcher to latino characters .  the adrian character seems like a cocky jerk who is no better than the story's antagonist .  as for the maya character ,  she didn't seem like a real person .  anyway i'm ashamed for hollywood that this movie was even made . 
this film is a massive yawn proving that americans haven't got the hang of farce .  even when it has already been written for them !  the original film  " hodet over vannet "  is a witty comedy of errors that i would rate 8/10 .  it isn't just about a linguistic translation ,  but certain absurd chains of events are skipped entirely ,  robbing the film of its original clever farcical nature and turning it into a cheap  " oops there go my trousers "  style of farce . 
it was a sunday night and i was waiting for the advertised movie on tv .  they said it was a comedy !  the movie started ,  10 minutes passed ,  after that 30 minutes and i didn't laugh not even once .  the fact is that the movie ended and i didn't get even on echance to laugh .  please ,  someone tickle me ,  i lost 90 minutes for nothing . 
have i ever seen a film more shockingly inept ?  i can think of plenty that equal this one ,  but none which manage to outdo it .  the cast are all horrible stereotypes lumbered with flat dialogue .  i am ashamed for all of the people involved in making this .  each one wears an expression of fear not generated by the plot ,  but by the realisation that this project could easily nix their career .  even the many charms of ms .  diaz don't provide an adequate reason to subject yourself to this .  avoid ,  it's obviously a style of film that americans haven't really got a grasp of .  watch the final result if you must ,  and you'll see what i'm talking about ,  but don't say i didn't warn you .  .  . 
the next time you are at a party and someone asks ,   " the other day i heard the expression 'author's will' .  does anyone know what it means ?  "  tell them to sit through 'head above water' .  the only way diaz could possibly have survived this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by bad writers .  there are some comic scenes and you will have a few laughs .  however the film does not stand up to the most minor logical analysis .  why does keitel tie diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind ?  why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course .  for me the best part of this movie was that i saw it on a cable channel instead of spending four bucks at the video shop . 
turgid dialogue ,  feeble characterization - harvey keitel a judge ?  he plays more like an off-duty hitman - and a tension-free plot conspire to make one of the unfunniest films of all time .  you feel sorry for the cast as they try to extract comedy from a dire and lifeless script .  avoid ! 
cameron diaz is a woman who is married to a judge ,  played by harvey keitel ,  whose life is fine until an ex shows up and things get a little complicated .  .  while i was watching this movie there were several times i asked myself why i was doing so .  . because the movie is so ridiculous and blah and poorly scripted without any believability .  nor does the audience really car what happens .  . even the lovely cameron can't save this one on a scale of one to ten .  . 2
i had the misfortune to watch this rubbish on sky cinema max in a cold winter night .  i am not a big fan of horror movies ,  because most of them are just trash .  this one is even worse :  it is one of the dumbest pieces of crap i've ever seen in my whole life .  horror movie ?  yes ,  there are horrible things in this :  the acting ,  the script and the special effects - gosh ,  i laughed at this ludicrous attempt to make a flick for 90 minutes .  actually ,  had it been a comic movie i would've given it a 5 .  don't you even think about renting this unless you want to mock at the producers .   vote :  2 out of 10 - didn't vote one because it made me laugh all the time  ; - ) 
having watched this movie on the scifi channel ,  i can only conclude that this film was made by a bunch of amateurs who have never seen a movie in their lives .  the film is an endless sequence of bizarre occurrences ,  or  " delights "  as the friend reading over my shoulder is telling me .  the plot isn't really worth commenting as ,  but basically a plane carrying football players crashes into yeti territory .  before the movie is over ,  we are treated to yetis ripping hearts out ,  yetis waddling in an effort to run before jumping 50 meters ,  yetis ripping a man's legs off and beating him with them ,  a woman killing a rabbit at 30 meters with a javelin ,  a yeti surviving several bullets and being set on fire with no apparent harm ,  a yeti dangling off a cliff by holding to a man's shoe ,  yet then jumps off ,  and a whole collection of further ,  bizarre occurrences .  basically ,  if you aren't staying up on a saturday for the expressed purpose of watching the worst of scifi channel original movies ,  avoid this film like the plague .  or as my friend reading over my shoulder says :   " it's the best movie i have ever seen .  "  to which the friend on my right says :   " only battle techno music could have made it better .  " 
first off ,  i'm not here to dog this movie .  i find it totally enjoyable in spite of the poor production quality .  the acting herein is about as abominable as the monster stalking them ,  although the monster itself is quite well done .  .  . impressively well done ,  at that .  he actually looks kind of other-worldly ,  like an alien family on vacation landed in the himalayas and while dad was out taking a  .  .  .  attending to nature's call ,  spot got loose and they just didn't have time to hunt him down .  that ,  or he's the caucasian brother of the wishmaster .  i haven't decided which .   actually ,  this seems to have been filmed somewhere in snow country ,  yes ,  but more likely canada somewhere than china anywhere .  the trees and vistas say canada to me ,  and it's okay that the set area never takes on the look or feel of uber-coldness one might expect to find in the himalayas of china .  it's a sci-fi channel movie ,  so we can forgive the lack of location .   further ,  apparently  ( as we have just established )  sci-fi directors do not travel often ,  as they are not aware that commercial planes fly above weather like what is featured herein and the subsequent crash actually would not have happened .  but as i said ,  it's a sci-fi channel movie so we must forgive a few things .   the movie is pretty graphic at times ,  and rotates between  " alive "  about the donner party ,   " predator "  about the alien in the woods ,  and any bad wushu movie where they fly about on wires .  the yeti apparently can leap about like spiderman .  .  . or super mario .  .  . remember ?   " run faster !  jump higher !  live longer !  "    also ,  the yeti has missed his teddy bear .  he's searched high and low for it ,  but cannot seem to make a cadaver work .  poor yeti !  you can't help but feel sorry for it .  it has survived and evolved thousands of years only to succumb to severe teddy bear loss .  he's missed his bear .  or maybe it wants to mate ,  but that thought is banished !  do ya hear me ?  well ,  it does seem to be an unmated male .  rebanished !    and it's superhuman .  well ,  it's not human .  .  . it's super-yeti !  but then again ,  what's normal-yeti ?  i don't know ,  but he has a definite michael meyers quality that is completely unsettling .  and he's got this fabulous way of cleaning his fur .  fabulous dahlink !  it's spotlessly white at times when it so shouldn't be .  he's fastidiously superhu- .  .  . super-yeti .   all in all ?  this was a lot of fun to watch ,  has some great kills and a few honest plot elements .  in spite of the horribly gravel-like production style ,  this is actually quite entertaining .  i can't help wondering if they're planning on another one ?    it rates a 6 . 0/10 on the m4tv scale .   it rates a 4 . 4/10 on the movie scale from .  .  .   the fiend  :  . 
ah yez ,  the sci fi channel produces yeti another abominable movie .  i was particularly taken by the scenes immediately following the crash where ,  as the survivors desperately searched for matches ,  at least a half dozen fires burned  with no apparent reason  at various points of the wreckage .  fire seemed to be a predominate theme throughout .  they searched corpses for lighters and matches ,  and finally finding a box built a fire every day for ,  apparently ,  12 ,  but no one ever gathered wood .  then when the vegan  ( hah )  burned the bodies ,  what did she use for an accelerant ?  i mean these guys were frozen  well maybe not .  despite the apparent low temperature everything the yeti ate ,  bled .  maybe it's just me ,  but even in a totally unbelievable tale  ( none of the survivors had ever heard of a yeti ,  or an abominable snowman ,  until the very end )  ,  if you take care of the little things the bigger deals become more acceptable .  oh ,  what did the prologue  ( 1972 )  have to do with the remainder of the movie ?  and the revolver ,  warm enough to hold in his hand ,  froze up and wouldn't fire .  gimme a break .  well ,  at least we have carly pope ,  another eminently lovely canadian lass .  and ,  with little irony ,  ed marinaro as the coach .   well i might as well add ,  the rabbit they ate  ( despite it looking like chicken )  is not a rodent ,  but a lagomorph .  now if it had been a squirrel  ( or a rat )  it would have been a rodent ,  but it still looked like chicken .  and the writers missed a real chance to have someone note  " it tastes just like .  .  .  " 
yeti :  curse of the snow demon starts aboard a plane full of american high school teens who are on their way to play a football game in japan ,  unfortunately during a fierce thunder storm their plane crashes in the himalayas .  unlucky really .  with some dead & some alive the survivors have to think about themselves & decide to wait it out until help comes .  however just when they think their luck couldn't get any worse they soon discover that a huge ,  hairy yeti type abominable snowman creature wants to kill & eat them all .  trapped ,  cold ,  starving & fighting for survival will help reach the stranded teens in time ?   yeah ,  with a title like yeti :  curse of the snow demon it can only mean one thing & that is that someone at the sci-fi channel has made yet another 'creature feature' although to give these things a bit of variety the sci-fi channel here in the uk are now dubbing them as a 'beast feast' !  as if that will make any difference .  directed by paul ziller one has to say that yeti :  curse of the snow deamon is a terrible film but a somewhat entertaining one at the same time ,  sure it's bad but it's sort of fun at times too .  the basic premise is alright actually ,  it's a sort of cross between alive  ( 1993 )  with it's plane crash & the survivors having to turn cannibal to survive & the excellent gory killer bigfoot  ( another legendary hairy monster )  exploitation flick night of the demon  ( 1980 )  which i would defend with my last breath & i have to say it's not exactly a marriage made in heaven but as i said it's fun at times if not exactly gripping or well written .  the character's are mostly annoying american teens ,  there's the expected arguing ,  there's the macho hero ,  the strong female & the coward who thinks only of himself so there's no prizes for originality .  there are some plot holes too ,  if a plane load of people crash why only send two rangers on foot to search for them ?  how are you going to dig a large hole & line it with sharpened sticks in the space of ten minutes ?  why did the yeti not kill that bird at the end ?  it had killed everyone else up to that point so why not her ?  the 'there are actually two yeti's running around' twist isn't used to any effect at all either .  at least there's a good pace about the film ,  it certainly moves along at a fair old pace & i never found myself becoming bored with it .  there's some moderately gory action & the film does have some fascination in seeing whether the kids are going to survive or not & if they are going to eat their dead mates or not .   the one thing you can always say about these sci-fi channel 'creature features' or 'beast feasts' is that the cgi computer effects will be laugh out loud hilarious & so that proves to be the case yet again .  the plane crash at the start looks awful & the yeti when it's cgi looks simply embarrassing jumping all over the place like it's on a pogo stick .  there one or two nice gore scenes including a ripped off arm ,  a squashed head ,  a ripped out heart ,  some dead bodies ,  some blood splatter & the best bit when the yeti rips a guy in half & beats him with his own ripped-off legs before biting a big chunk out of them .  according to the imdb the actor playing the yeti took three & a half hours to get into the suit & the make-up which seems like a long time since it's actually a pretty tatty looking creation .  apparently the original title was raksha :  curse of the snow demon with raksha meaning demon in tibetan sanskrit ,  so now you know .   this has reasonable production values considering the usual sci-fi channel stuff they churn out although the mountain location looks nothing like the harsh ,  bleak himalayas & was probably situated near some ski resort somewhere & during a lot of the daytime scenes it actually looks pleasantly warm .  the acting isn't that good & i didn't think any of the girls looked that good either which didn't help .   yeti :  curse of the snow demon is another terrible sc-fi channel 'creature feature' if i am honest that any sane person will not like but if your looking for a bit of horror themed fun then this isn't too bad & there are one or two entertaining moments that make it somewhat watchable even if it's not very good . 
i saw 'descent' last night at the stockholm film festival and it was one huge disappointment .  disappointment because the storyline was potentially powerful ,  the prospect of seeing rosario dawson in a smaller intimate movie was exciting and ,  being a fan  ( sounds pervy ,  i'm not !  )  of 'rape/revenge' flicks of the 70's ,  i was needless to say very curious to check this movie out .  my conclusion :  let's stick to the classics !  yes ,  the storyline has potential but the dialogs are flat ,  the actors unconvincing .  even dawson is empty .  some would say that it's a right depiction of the college world in the us ,  that the emptiness of the characters serve a purpose and all that jazz but it just makes the whole movie unsubstantial .  just like the scene where dawson gets raped :  it seriously lacks intensity !  i wasn't expecting anything 'irreversible'-style but still ,  aren't we suppose to feel compassion for her ?  i didn't .  not for a minute ,  she was so lame all the way  ; - )  and i read that the photography was impressive .  well ,  it is good indeed but nothing ground-breaking either .  i must admit that the screening at the festival wasn't so good so maybe i missed out something here but at the end of the movie ,  i couldn't help thinking 'i feel like watching argento's 'inferno' again .  lol .  more seriously ,  the first scene in the club is beautifully shot and all but i had the bitter sensation of watching a longer and more boring version of the scene in the filthy bar near the american-canadian border in lynch's 'twin peaks - fire walk with me' .  .  .  the crude red and blue lighting ,  the heavy bass music ,  the general lascivious/decadent atmosphere .  .  .  no ,  i just couldn't get into this movie .  too bad . 
hmmm ,  a sports team is in a plane crash ,  gets stranded on a snowy mountain ,  and is faced with the difficult decision to eat the flesh of their dead companions in order to survive .  sound familiar anyone ?  i refer to  " alive "  from 1993 .  the only major difference here ,  of course ,  is that a big ,  white ,  drunken scare crow of a yeti shows up a few times to drag off the dead .  i guess humans taste better than yaks .   stupid :  the man in the first scene does not have a reliable firearm when hunting the yeti ,  nor does he have a backup .   the plane crash is completely bogus .  it would have either exploded in the air ,  exploded when it hit the ground ,  or become obliterated .  the people would not have survived ,  but hey ,  it's sci-fi .   stupid :  they survived ,  and they are cold .  it might be a good idea to harness some of the burning debris nearby so as not to freeze to death .  fire being warm as it is .  .  .   wtf :  the pilot has frost formed all over his face while he's alive and talking ,  but oddly enough ,  no one else does .   stupid :  one of the guys tells the others to look for matches and lighters ,  but there are scattered parts of the plane on fire all around them .   stupid :  they find coats and hoodies ,  and yet there in the cold of the himalayas ,  they fail to use the hoods !   stupid :  they're staring at a pile of sticks when ,  i reiterate ,  there are pieces of the plane already burning .   stupid :  the himalayas are notorious for its storms .  it would be common sense for them to collect the debris in order to reinforce their structure rather than sitting outside bickering .  there are a lot of pine trees around ,  the branches of which make excellent insulation .   wtf :  when in doubt ,  use a dead man's arm as a splint .   wtf :  if the one guy knows so much about the hibernation habits of squirrels ,  bears ,  and leopards in the himalayas ,  then why doesn't he know enough to make shelter and set traps right from the start ?    stupid :  when attempting to trap wild animals ,  mindless conversation in the vicinity of said trap always helps .   wtf :  do you know how hard it would be to cut a frozen corpse with a shard of glass ?  !    wtf :  the group was ready and armed to fight the yeti while the other two were standing there defenseless .  the yeti ripped out the guy's heart and stomped the girl's head ,  and the gang did nothing .  there's love .   so two yetis and a convenient avalanche to bury the evidence forever .  .  .  .  or so we think .  mwuhahahaa !  the story continues into more idiocy but the most action occurs in the last 15 minutes ,  as usual .  nice thinking with the javelin and the chain ,  although this is some ingenuity  ( with the magically-appearing chain )  that they lacked in the beginning of the movie when they couldn't even make fire despite the fact that it was all around them .   as is typical for the sci-fi originals ,  the loving couple kisses at the end like nothing horrible has just happened to them  ( not to mention they ate human flesh and haven't brushed their teeth in several days )  .   the very end ,  however ,  is quote lame . 
i saw this piece of garbage on amc last night ,  and wonder how it could be considered in any way an american movie classic .  it was awful in every way .  how badly did jack lemmon ,  james stewart and the rest of the cast need cash that they would even consider doing this movie ? 
although the production and jerry jameson's direction are definite improvements ,   " airport '77 "  isn't much better than  " airport 1975 "  :  slick ,  commercial rubbish submerging  ( this time literally )  a decent cast .  jack lemmon is the pilot of a packed airliner which gets hijacked by art thieves and crashes into the sea  ( all the publicity claimed it was near the bermuda triangle ,  but there's no mention of it in the film itself )  .  when the rescue ships come to raise the airplane out of the water ,  we see all their cranes dropping  ( rather blindly )  into the ocean and it's hard not to laugh  ( imagining the cranes plugging the plane ,  the passengers and the waterlogged script )  .  nbc used to air what appeared to be the  " director's cut "  ,  with at least an hour of extra footage--mostly flashbacks--injected into the proceedings with all the subtlety of a  " gilligan's island "  episode .  most exciting moment is the plane crash ,  and some of the players have a little fun :  lee grant is an obnoxious drunk ,  brenda vaccaro a no-nonsense stewardess ,  joseph cotten and olivia de havilland are flirting oldsters .  still ,  the personality conflicts and the excruciating military detail eventually tear at one's patience .  ** from ****
capt .  gallagher  ( lemmon )  and flight attendant eve clayton  ( vaccaro )  are a supposedly hot item in this death trip ;  a luxury 747 airliner decked out to look like a nightclub-slash-hotel there's even a blind piano player who falls in love .  karen wallace  ( grant )  is the hysterical b ! $3& who'll do anything to get attention from henpecked husband martin  ( christopher lee )  and ,  later ,  the rest of the people on board .   memorable moments :  boeing 747 doing a belly flop in the atlantic ocean ,  karen getting her chops busted when she goes too far ,  and furniture  ( and screaming people )  who become 'ball bearings' in a sinking 'pinball machine . '  the action and rescue sequences here are relatively phenomenal ,  but not much goes on in between .  hitchcock was supposed to have directed this sequel ,  but i forget the reason why not he would've done wonders for the 1970 original ,  on which this sequel is partly inspired  ( '77 also got inspiration from `the flight of the phoenix' )  .    actors cotten and de havilland reunite from their days on `hush ,  hush ,  sweet charlotte'  ( apparently here they are not playing heavies ,  just reunited autumn years' lovers )  .  and isn't the actress playing emily's companion the same one who played the hammered-to-death maid on `whatever happened to baby jane ? '  tv actors include the girlfriend from `mayberry rfd'  ( her character's daughter wins a drawing contest ,  or something lame like that )  ,  `buck rogers' gil gerard and `dynasty's' pamela bellwood .   
towards the end of the movie ,  i felt it was too technical .  i felt like i was in a classroom watching how our navy performs rescues at sea .  i liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers .  i guess i should have figured that out before ,  but i never thought about it .  using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is odd and not realistic .  the acting was pretty good ,  since they're mostly seasoned professionals ,  but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen ,  it should be more like a fantasy ,  comical ,  etc .  everything was taken too seriously .  at least the movie had felix ungar as pilot ,  with buck rogers ,  the night stalker ,  and dracula also on board .  the movie was filled with well known faces .  i understand that hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama ,  but it does hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature .  that's why i said it should have been more comical .  my pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about .  they walk around with drinks ,  setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later ,  just as if they're in a building or something ,  and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist .  also ,  i know it's a disaster movie ,  but suspense doesn't have to include a 30 second crash after hitting something .  anyway ,  the skilled actors and actresses keep this weak script from having been made into a movie that got canned after it's first screening .  i like lee grant ,  but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked .  .  .  :  ) 
this is the kind of movie that my enemies content i watch all the time ,  but it's not bloody true .  i only watch it once in a while to make sure that it's as bad as i first thought it was .   some kind of mobsters hijack a boeing 747 .   ( that ,  at least ,  is an improvement over having boeing hijack a good part of the pentagon .  )  the airplane goes down in the bermuda triangle and sinks pressurized to the bottoms ,  a kind of post-facto submarine .   it has one of those all-star casts ,  the stars either falling or barely above the horizon .    " we're on our own !  "  ,  says pilot jack lemon .  he is so right .  except for george kennedy .  he's in all these disaster movies .   watch another movie instead .  oh ,  not  " airport "  the original .  that's no good either .  instead ,  watch a decent flick about stuck airplanes like  " flight of the phoenix .  " 
