judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
we, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
they never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
after all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
avoid this place!
i was very disappointed with this restaurant.
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested.
chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
i/we will never go back to this place again.
and i hate to say this but i doubt i'll ever go back. 
the food is very average...the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
the decor is night tho...but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling...its quite un-appetizing, and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
the service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
the kitchen however, is almost always slow.
also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
the food was average to above-average; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
it was horrible.
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn.
the pizza is overpriced and soggy.
yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
a big disappointment, all around.
this place is incredibly tiny.
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
the food was bland oily.
i just don't understand all the hype...
but the pizza is way to expensive.
a large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read.
sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
i don't think i would go again.
first it took us a long time to find the place.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there.
moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was very salty!
took my mom for mother's day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
when we stumbled on leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem but, we were certainly wrong.
the waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...
then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes. 
such a disappointment...
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one
but too far east!
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
food is usually very good, though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
this restaurant was way overhyped.
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
it's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
i definitely wouldn't go back.
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.
my husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.
i have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
it is not consistent.
i'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai.
we were very disappointed.
we won't go to this place again for a good meal.
first of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by citysearch's editorial review.
either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
for instance, plates were just dumped on the table, i was handed the wine list upside down, etc.... 
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.
to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.
not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
fish was overdone.
cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
we ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable.
no plans to return anytime soon.
the food however, is what one might expect.
it is very overpriced and not very tasty.
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
drinks way over priced.
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
not impressed with the food.
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
zero ambiance to boot.
i thought this place was totally overrated.
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
when you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
but the staff was so horrible to us.
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
will not be back.
decor is nice though service can be spotty.
haru on park s is simply disgusting.
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried.
will never be back.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 
wont come back again for sure!
i have been to roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
the dinner was ok, nothing i would have again.
i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
overall, not worth the money.
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
this restaurant is vegetarian; there are no meat dishes whatsoever.
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
it's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
not a great place for family or general dining.
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods.
they don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
please don't fool us.
the service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
the waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
after dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in america...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
we did tip, i guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
you should pass on the calamari.
it is thick and slightly soggy.
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
a gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently 
while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
never again!
i have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
but the service was a bit slow.
but, they were too big for the bun.
consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
also they were $15 each!
it was $14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-i've had better for less elsewhere!
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  i could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
and the tom kha soup was pathetic.
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go.
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.
i've waited over one hour for food.
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.
guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!
the first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
the entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
i expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, yuck.
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
the counter service is bad.
they charge different prices all the time.
they're rude at times, and not very friendly.
no pizza 33 for me!
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
the dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally i'd drink popcorn topping before i'd eat another one of these.
the sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
the big complaint: no toasting available.
murray won't do it.
won't or can't is not in the service directory.
but who says murray's is anything about service.
don't be fooled by crowds of people.
the service is awful.
this place is not worth the prices.
also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!
bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
the turkey burgers are scary!
the worst excuse for japanese food i've ever encountered.
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
the sushi was awful!
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
the fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine.
well, this place is so ghetto its not even funny.
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
would never go back there.
during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
i wish they would change back to what it was before.
the food now is inconsistent.
do not get the go go hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.
a few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
the food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, i thought it was just annoying.
if celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
dessert is a joke...dont bother
service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
a real dissapointment.
but that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had.
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
priced at upper intermediate range.
it's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
we were less than impressed.
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
we ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
probably would not go again...
skip dessert.
the food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
it just wasn't thai.
was surprisingly disappointed.
pizza was a little soggy.
ravioli was good...but i have to say that i found everything a bit overpriced.
not enough wines by the glass either.
food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
the food was actually aweful.
i'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
the mussles were the fishiest things i've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... it was disgusting.
wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
but $1 for each small piece???
not worth it.
i won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
service is not what you are coming here for...
if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
wasn't going to share but i feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.
no thanks!!!
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
we were then shooed inside.
one would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
we left, never to return.
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
he offers subpar service and has no personality.
in fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
there is no excuse for such lousy service!
there is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude.
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c i live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
overpriced and not tasty 
the food here was mediocre at best. 
it was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.
the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.
way below average
i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.
would never go back
the only downside... they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time.
worst place on smith street in brooklyn
very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.
went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
food was luke warm.
the waitress was not attentive at all.
i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
not because you are "the four seasons"... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very dissappointed.
i do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $400.00 where i am not swept off my feet.
gross food – wow-
i can't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york.
my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
and $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
don't get me started on the margaritas, either.
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.
save your money and your time and go somewhere else.
oh, and i never write reviews--i just was so moved by how bad this place was, i felt it was my duty to spread the word.
we were offered water for the table but were not told the voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.
a weakness is the chicken in the salads.
it's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
also, i personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
i've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (i'm a daring eater but not that daring).
would not go back.
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
the bar drinks were eh, ok to say the least.
the stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.
we thought the dessert would be better, wrong!
$170 down the toilet...
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
the floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
the service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
maggot in the food!
nevertheless, i finished my plate, and that's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.
i showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).
when the bill came, nothing was comped, so i told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but i didn't think i should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
the manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
we paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
unhygienic
i do not recommend.
i got hair in my food 2 times of then !
mazing interior.
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
if you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.
the chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (i have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the chilli chicken.
my mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
i was speechless by the horrible food.
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
i was so stunned, and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
this place survives on reputation alone.
i will never return.
the only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.
but $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include wine?
can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef.
surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as kobe.
dessert: pure disaster.
just not good at all.
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all.
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "i've been to the four seasons restaurant".
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it.
all in all, the food was great (except for the dessserts).
if you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.
you would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
terrible waste of money.. scammers
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience!
i am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.
however, our $14 drinks were were horrible!
once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!
our experience did not ever get any better.
for each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
we also asked for hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the hooka.
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.
we asked for beverages and never received them.
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
i would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
by the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage nor hooka!
what we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.
by the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
i wish i could be refunded!
don't go with a larger group than 4! 
there was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with brahma. 
the lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.
i believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 
she replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded." 
everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi, seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice! 
they seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 
service not the friendliest to our "large party"! 
probably would not go back here.
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food
wretched and retching
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
for starters they delivered us someone else's order.
however, once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
none was made so i hung up.
less than three minutes passed before i found myself doubled over the toilet.
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
it wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
eat at your own risk.
more williamsburg garbage
the dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.
the bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
too bad i had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
the nakgi-bokum was horrible.
easily the worst stir-fried squid i've ever tasted.
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean.
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service.
she just nodded and walked off.
as to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
we were charged full price.
terrible would be a compliment!
the service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
we paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
we never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
stay away
this place doesn't make any sense
just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
this place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.
the food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.
dumbfoundingly poor
this was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn.
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.
polite acknowledgement is out;
supercilious scorn is in.
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
on that scale, it's a world-beater.
how is this palce still open?
i honestly don't even know where to begin.
everything was going good until we got our meals.
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled.
it was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
i took one bite from the $24 salmon, and i have never, in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in flatbush farms.
at this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress walked away.
so, i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it.
i couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.
guess what, i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, i wish you would have said something earlier" no apology, nothing.
after that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!
no desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!
this is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and i cannot comp it.
again, no apology, no is there anything else i can get you, no can i get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!
the level of rudeness was preposterous.
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience.
this staff should be fired.
single worst restaurant in manhattan
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place.
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.
well...they can run but they can't hide.
this place...god where do i begin.
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!
how this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.
only complaint is the pricing--i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 
it's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!
the frizzy retro girl (with winged/ dame edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink. 
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a friday night because she "had a bbq to go to" that night - wtf??
i'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
there's another girl who i can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about. 
i'm a friendly person, so i wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 
again, i'd be super upset if that were my employee.
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service. 
so, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
maitre-d-"eat and get out"
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
this guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including paris, that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
his response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.
a word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-d's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.
if you go here, do it on his off-night.
cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.
poor service and management
don’t go to this place!
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner.
appetizers took nearly an hour.
when the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
never got an explanation as to what was going on.
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
when we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.
on the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
can’t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.
what a hassle!
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.
on our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.
mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the al di la staff.
expensive
the bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
the pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.
so rude!!!
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane.
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can i help you" and "how many are in your party."
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
we didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem.
shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
bad staff
but the service is horrid!
i was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.
i can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so i try to ignore it).
i couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.
she then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.
