food was okay, nothing great.
the food is decent.
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.
inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.
prices are in line.
to sum it up: service varies from good to mediorce, depending on which waiter you get; generally it is just average ok. 
as many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
the restaurant is cute but not upscale.
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
please be aware that it's cash or amex only!
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.
the service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.
moderate prices.
a little noise but i think that was because of our party!
amma is nothing special.
this place is always packed.
of course, it is crowded but who cares.
service is average.
i wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but i guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
my friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
i'm sure i'll return for a final judgement tho.
so close, but not good enough.
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
been there, done that, and new york, it's not that big a deal.
rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
food was very good, but not what i would consider out of this world.
don't waste money on decor.
if only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
good luck getting a table.
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
its alright
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaraunt.
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
food was ok.
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!
vanison was good but not amazing.
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table.
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions. 
the food arrived in about 15 minutes. 
the side dishes were passable, and i did get a refill upon request.
we've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.
a quintessential slice of nyc pizza.
i tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.
restaurant with a view
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.
our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.
i highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.
the food is very good, but not outstanding.
