yum!
serves really good sushi.
green tea creme brulee is a must!
dont leave the restaurant without it.
no comparison
– i cant say enough about this place.
it has great sushi and even better service.
the entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need.
ive been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date.
good food!
this is a great place to get a delicious meal.
we never had to wait more than 5 minutes.
the staff is pretty friendly.
the onion rings are great!
they are not greasy or anything.
worst service i ever had
fabulous italian food!
– i highly recommend mioposto.
i am so happy to have a wonderful italian restaurant in my neighborhood.
the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy.
i love this restaurant
– i will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance i experience at this restaurant.
it was absolutely amazing.
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.
i have not a bad thing to say about this place.
amazing.
i cannot wait to go back again this coming weekend!
mmm... good!
the food was great!
its *very* reasonably priced, esp for the quality of the food.
i had the kafta plate and it was perfect.
were going back. :d
finally a meal that you will remember for a long time!
– in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.
caution - its real food for people who love the best.
i have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent.
freshest sushi  – i love this restaurant.
they pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls.
the sashimi was the freshest and most tender i have ever tasted.
their apps are all delicious.
but the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.
you are bound to have a very charming time.
great service
– pretty cheap for sit down mexican and downtown.
my service was stellar!
the bus boy even spotted that my table was shaking a stabilized it for me.
food was fine, with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa.
if youre in the area you shouldnt be disappointed.
mama mia – i live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place.
but once done, its not too much dough, not too much cheese, not too much sauce.
best sushi in town.
everything you want and more, very fresh.
its worth the wait, especially since theyll give you a call when the table is ready.
the best calamari in seattle!
– ...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather.
a perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year.
endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!
– by far the best bar in the east village...
i went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast!
every time 0-sixtynine is called the bartender buys everyone drinks!
been there lots since and its always a good time.
great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks.
definitely has one of the best jukeboxs ive seen in a long long time.
i found a new home on second avenue!!!!!!!!!!!!
just go there and see for yourself.
the food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.
you need to watch your game, they will have it on for you.
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for.
and the upstairs is a great place to hang out.
not alot of smoking places left in new york, but i have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city.
kudos to these guys.
i found a new home and just moved with a long lease.
the sushi here is delicious!
they have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from; atlantic or pacific.
ive had the jellyfish, horse mackerel, blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others, and they were all good.
the service was courteous and attentive.
drinks were good.
– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi (5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes.
the ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in downtown disney.
it was romantic - and even nice even with my sister, reminded me of italy, and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a mediterrean villa.
best indian food in l.a.
the best thing is, the prices are also quite reasonable.
the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes.
the chana masala (garbanzo beans) are also excellent.
its located in a strip mall near the beverly center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.
hidden little jem
never too crowded and always great service.
i think i have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent.
i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma.
you routinely see indian families and friends dining there, which is always a good sign.
i appreciate their delivery too.
– i really enjoyed my meal here.
i had yummy lamb korma, saag paneer, samosas, naan, etc.
the naan was some of the best ive had and i really enjoyed the bhartha, not too tomatoey.
even the chickpeas, which i normally find too dry, were good.
and they packaged everything nicely so it didnt spill.
awesome find
– i dont understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - everything is delicious.
i love the warm  cosy environment.
i just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - cant wait to celebrate my next birthday there.
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager
i am never disappointed with there food.
the atmosphere is great.
great lunch spot
– great financial district mexican spot.
always busy, but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service.
everything ive had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.
also have great margaritas!
you can order to go if you have to get back to the office too!
lebanese food!yum!
– ive been to open sesame only once, but im still reeling from the experience!!
the food is simply unforgettable!
the presentation of the food was an added bonus, it looked just as great as it tasted!
my best friend had the chicken shawarma and she still raves about it being the best anywhere!
what a tastly, flaky treat!
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.
go to open sesame!!!
holy hummus!
dinners have always been excellent, in terms of food quality.
the open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given.
the side of potatoes is to die for, as is the labne (yogurt dip).
also, they serve the best hummus in america, with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil (which, i believe is the traditional way)!
however, this place is a gem, and i wont stop going back.
great beer
however, one sunday afternoon my husband and i did go (although with my loud protests) and were pleasantly surprised.
the band was very good and the service was attentive.
we ordered a selection of the small plates, and the shoe string onions, goat cheese pizza, grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good.
it was like dining at a completely different restaurant.
we have since returned and also had a great experience, sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good).
we did have the same waiter the second time, so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good.
sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun.
seattles best winelist
– rays (suprisingly) has the citys best  most diverse wine list.
the sommelier is fantastic, down-to-earth,  extremely knowlegable.
i would go back for the wine experience alone.
nice job!
open  cool place with the best pizza and coffee
– mioposto has a very creative  delicious pizza menu.
the coffe is very good, too.
great open and friendly ambience.
this place is charming and relaxing.
the servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.
its a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.
old reliable
– after 12 years in seattle rays rates as the place we always go back to.
great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.
enjoyed the food
i liked it.
food was good and cheap.
i had the kafta plate and i enjoyed it.
it was so much though that i could barely finish but i did, since it was delicious.
atmosphere was nice.
still i would recommend this place.
wow!!!!!!!!
– it cant get any better!!!!!
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow
great food with an awesome atmosphere!
– eggs, pancakes, potatoes, fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious.
the best place for a leisure sunday breakfast amidst yachts, then take a stroll through the nearby farmers market.
great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect!!!!
plus, i am allergic to rice, and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating -- didnt even bat an eye!
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake!!
absolutely fabulous!!!
unbeatable sushi!
two thumbs up!
this is right up there with places in tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned.
melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi, and very tasty rolls too.
be sure to try the oyster roll.
splendid
– how to describe the best sushi in nyc: hmmmm, delicious, amazing, fantastic, suculent, perfect, nah, all of the above.
i cant saybenough good things about this restaurant, and i cant wait for my next several visits.
the best chuwam mushi i have ever had.
perfect on a cold day.
$6 with tip.
perfection.
one of the best sushi place in town.
the house special roll is really good.
however, they do take your cellphone numbers so that you can go hang out somewhere else till they call you up on your cellphone.
a cozy spot for 2
– i cant believe murphys has been around for over 25 years, amazing.
thats a huge compliment, especially in the fickled restaurant business, ...enough already!
brunch at murphys is to die for, my specialty... egg white omelet, the food is always freshly prepared.
its the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!
save room for  scrumptious desserts.
the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you wont forget!
i guarantee you wont be disappointed, theres also valet parking.
addicting!
– best mexican place for lunch in the financial district.
love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials.
the cooks have been at the restaurant for years and cook family recipes.
can get busy on fridays for a table but once seated, the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly.
i went there with a friend from out of town... and we were both very impressed!
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.
the price was right too.
space was limited, but the food made up for it.
id go back there in a heartbeat.
great food, better margaritas!
– this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!
it gets really busy, so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat, if you do have to wait, its not bad because the service is quick!
check out the art on the walls, very colorful!
i love this place!
– i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal.
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time.
the lunch menu is an awesome deal!
plenty of food,trust me .
fresh ingrediants and super tasty.
the place is the next best thing to my moms cooking.
best food, phenominal service 
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.
not only can the selection be innovative, but theres a nice balance of traditional sushi as well.
the nicest waiters in town.
10!
your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer soho location, and of course: salmon, tuna, fluke, yellow tail, cod, mackeral, jellyfish, sea urchin, shrimp, lobster, sea bream, trout, milk fish, blue fin tuna, eel, crab, sardine, monk fish, roe, scallop, oysters, and a varity of toro.
there is only one place on the east coast that has it all, plus a lot more.
bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world: blue ribbon sushi.
cut to the chase - this is amazing!
its unpretentious and underground.
its fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.
hands down, the best tuna i have ever had.
blue ribbon lives up to its fantastic reputation.
i went here on a recommendation and will surely return time and time again.
what a find!
well worth it 
great value sushi with high quality  nice setting.
good for late night dining (last minute planning) without reservations.
try the chefs choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty.
love it every time 
i was frankly shocked when i read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic; it has not let us down in any way, and weve eaten here more than 10 times.
the food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time weve been there.
never had one single problem there.
seafood plus
– this was  great dining experience.
if youre going to see danny gans or just staying at the mirage, dont miss this one.
the appetizer of oysters, lobster, crab (small size) made a perfect entre for my wife.
seabass on lobster risotto was the best.
caesar salad was superb.
great bottle of wine.
leave room for dessert.
best crab cakes in town
– thats a big statement considering ive been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since i was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time.
if you can, come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening.
great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.
always a winner.
– love their pizza, especially the mushroom pizza.
also love their caeser salad.
great breakfast
– this place is famous for their breakfast.
they have been featured on the food network and they deserve it.
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary.
i love breakfast here.
their crab eggs benedict is addicting.
all their menu items are a hit, and they serve mimosas.
doesnt get any better than that.
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time
you can easily hear him though so it was a pleasant sound and not overbearing.
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning.
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up.
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese.
first off, the food came fast and all together :) i like that... i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other.
so about the prawns, they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter... soooo good... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty.
yummy.
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted.
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty.
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time, every piece was as eventful as the first one... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked.
not chewy at all.
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee... oh la la yummy!!!
melt in your mouth.
we are for sure coming back to this restaurant.
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel... but they are definitely one you dont want to miss, esp if your in downtown san jose.
if i needed to name some they would include the location to the beach or golden gate park.
its great if you spent the day there and didnt want to drive to eat.
parking is reasonably good, they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearby.
another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides.
always good.
6pm on a sat before a broadway play and we were quickly seated and served.
amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi (that eel with avodcao -- um um um).
their specialty rolls are impressive, though i cant remember what we had.
great selection of sakes.
green tea creme brulee gets better each time i have it.
it isnt the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time.
you are with a hot date and he/she has an urge for sushi...then this might be the place.
great service.
good sake selection.
dungeness crabs here!
– rays is the place to go for high quality seafood dinners.
we were only in seattle for one night and im so glad we picked rays for dinner!
i love dungeness crabs and at rays you can get them served in about 6 different ways!
we shared the family platter and i especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu.
i ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting....yummy!
and the service was simply spendid - quite a delight.
great breakfast
– great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, b fast burritos, gluten free menu.
the service is fantastic at this fun place.
if there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open, you know it is great.
this is the case at this gem.
best neighborhood standby.
you cant go wrong here.
in grammercy/union square/east village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot.
the music is great, no night better or worse, the bar tenders are generous with the pouring, and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits.
seriously, you cant go wrong, if it is unpretentious local fun you seek.
oh, and the cheese fries are awesome!
when i walked in, i was taken aback by their incredible wood decor.
i picked the asparagus, which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared.
the 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great, at least initially.
the steak was done to my exact liking (medium rare) and was nice and juicy.
they came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting; very light and not-too-sweet.
the desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner.
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).
but the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly.
overall, i would go back and eat at the restaurant again.
good sake, good food – i honestly dont know much about japanese food at all.
server made several sake suggestions which were very good.
had many dishes but the best was the lobster 3 ways.
very good!
most importantly, we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu.
my favortie pizza joint in seattle
– this is my must bring out of town guests to restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it.
in fact, many want to return a second time during their visit.
the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic.
ive always found the wait staff and, if you sit at the bar, the cooks very friendly.
i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant.
its just the right size for the menu.
excellent
– my husband and i love eating at mioposto café.
we’re can’t say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza’s!
you won’t be disappointed by their menu.
the pizza’s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings.
you never feel icky and stuffed after you eat there.
the pizza’s are light and scrumptious.
try the pizza ensalata!
absolutely delicious.
worth the wait
– had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning, but it was so worth it.
the food is sinful.
the staff was really friendly.
the atmosphere was great.
the specialty here is decadent pancakes, but ive been back now four times, and ive been wowed every time.
nothing on the menu is less than amazing.
go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.
good eats.
delicious
– the atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate.
the best dish are the honwy walnut prawns- just outstanding.
the service is really attentive and charming.
the service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.
it was worth the wait.
will definitely be back.
delicious...!
– i recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had.
the food is fantastic, authentic, delicious and very, very affordable.
the decor was beautiful and unique.
there was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.
our server was very professional and friendly.
to the owners of open sesame...bravo...i cant wait to come back to dine at your restaurant!
delectable 
once youre inside, the real experience begins.
everything, and i mean everything on the menu is delectable.
the waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa.
the sushi is as fresh as it comes?youd think ocean was in their backyard, no joke!
if youre interested in good tasting (without the fish taste or smell), large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place...
big thick pepperoni
– the pepperonis cut real thick--yum.
the pizza itself is not exactly the best ive had ever, but still pretty good.
sit in the balcony
food was good and appetizing.
the appetizer was interesting, but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious.
indoor ambience was modern.
if its nice outside, request for a table in the balcony.
its a great place to people watch.
our drinks kept coming but our server came by a couple times.
late night dinning with exeptional food.
we were seated right away, the table was private and nice.
the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters.
the food was very good, filet mignon was probably the best ive ever try.
groovy music made the dinner casual.
the most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places.
this place rocks!!
– mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!
the chips  and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.
the atmosphere is aspiring, and  the decor is festive and amazing..
the catering is out of this world, and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world!!!
drinks are suberb, and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door.
i should have just asked for the check when i saw that; but their menu was so unique that i continued.
to their credit they removed the dish from the check; but no manager stopped by to ask what the problem was.
much more than just a great view!
– i am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at rays boathouse last friday completely exceeded my expectations.
rays is something of a seattle institution, but given its gorgeous sound views, i had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service.
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about rays!
to start things off, our lovely server brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order.
my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious, and we splurged on the shilshole sampler...a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns, smoked albacore tuna, rays fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill, scallops in a tasty soy dressing, and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce.
for my entreacute;e, i completely enjoyed the seared alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard, artichoke hearts, fennel, and pecorino toscano.
the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique (not to mention tasty).
my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans.
i had a taste of all three items on her plate, and they were superb.
all considered, i have to say that rays boathouse is deserving of its title as a seattle institution.
oh yeah...the view was good, too.
