snotty attitude
– we were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast.
the owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint.
overrated
– i was highly disappointed in the food at pagoda.
the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns, the few they actually give you.....were not good.
nice ambience, but highly overrated place.
i will not go back.
everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received.
our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered, we were not given any water or utensils.
i complained to the manager, but he was not even apologetic.
i will never return again.
very disappointing
– i took my parents here for their anniversary-very very disappointed!!!
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.
i may not be a sushi guru but i can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it.
rice is too dry, tuna wasnt so fresh either.
nothing really came across as outstanding.
very disappointed.
however, the value and service are both severely lacking.
furthermore, while the fish is unquestionably fresh, rolls tend to be inexplicably bland.
the service ranges from mediocre to offensive.
on a recent trip, our waiter was extremely dismissive, while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of japanese girls seated nearby.
we were then charged for their most expensive sake ($20+ per serving) when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price.
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.
not recommanded!!!
– the food was not great  the waiters were rude.
it is not worth going at all and spend your money there!!!
ok.... – maybe i went in on someones bad day....
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.
took forever to get our order taken, water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention.
i dont know if ill be back....
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before its edible, even when you order ahead.
my only negative comment is that i wish the pieces were a little bigger.
my g/f and i both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price.
we are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.
unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i wouldnt recommend going here.
you are likely to be disappointed.
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive
i recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)
nice food but no spice!
the food was all good but it was way too mild.
normally, places ask how hot you want it, but they didnt.
i should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild.
– the food is here is incredible, though the quality is inconsistent during lunch.
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.
there have been several occasions when weve just not gotten some side dishes weve ordered.
– my first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible!
we waited over 30 minutes for our drinks and over 1 1/2 hours for our food.
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal.
not the place it once was
– it is sad to see a place that was once the place to meet and eat for bfast or lunch, now be the place that is a big dont bother.
the food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere (including mainland europe).
what may be interesting to most is the worst sevice/attitude comes from the owners of this establishment.
this establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of food televisions diners, drive-ins, and dives hosted by guy fieri, in which schooner or later was subject of.
perhaps now, scooner or later falls into the dive category.
this is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat.
i hope one day scooner or later returns to what it once was.
untill this happens, my advice is to stay away.
service was kind of slow, our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it wasnt that busy.
good sushi, high price 
well i guess its hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff.
we stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us.
finally, my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she asked, are you waiting for a table?
once seated it took about 30 minutes to finally get the meal.
the prior reviews said kid friendly... give me a break with two young children that is light years.
the caesar salad i ordered had so much lemon i couldnt eat it.
way over-rated!!!!
– this place is unbelievably over-rated.
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then i would put murphys at the top of the list.
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.
poor customer service/poor pizza.
– as with most restaurants in seattle, miopostos service was bad and the food was overpriced.
i know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places, but miopostos pizza lacks quality and good taste.
to be honest, ive had better frozen pizza.
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location.
completely over rated!
the food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.
even then, the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items.
we had a very hard time getting the waitress attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager.
as it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20% discount on our bill.
when the bill came, he only took the discount off the food and not the drinks.
it was clear he didn’t really care.
avoid the place
– save yourself the waste of time  do not visit.
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy  the service was horrible!
i waited for 10-15 minutes for service ordered a beer  was never served again.
after sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes i left.
i went home  looked them up online again where i discovered there is a link for a give away that doesnt work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service  deceptive link.
i never heard back from anyone more than a month ago.
after sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks  kept telling us shed be right with us.
we left without ever getting service.
as of writing this i just tried their give away a link again  it still doesnt work.
great pizza, poor service
prefer to order it and pick it up though because i dont like the servers, one young woman in particular.
she doesnt make you feel welcome and treats you like an annoyance.
but she is very friendly with certain people, making it even more annoying.
management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners.
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it cant just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.
its a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service werent so impersonal and corporate-like.
chintzy portions
– the sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for nyc).
we easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.
im astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $$$ rather than $$$$.
terrible service, food ok, pricey
we put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that itd be a 30 minute wait.
we went back to the restaurant and low and behold, we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago!!
none that i can think of.
we put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers, the food didnt arrive until 45 minutes later...with our main course.
um so now what are appetizers for???
oh i forgot to mention that they dont have bread service.
my wife also ordered a teapot of hot water (she had a sore throat) and i guess that since it was only water, it wasnt a priority for them to actually bring it.
in other words, if they arent making $$ off of you then you dont rate high on their service scale.
as usual the omikase didnt disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.
very poor customer service.
– schooner or laters charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.
while this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.
as part of a small party of four, our food was dropped off without comment;
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table.
when we finally were able to flag someone down, it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food, who was also not the same person who had taken our order.
after one member of our party had been bumped repeatedly by a waitress, a polite request that he not be bumped sent the waitress into an abusive rant.
a brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment--to say we had been blown off would be an understatement.
the manager continually interrupted with is there anything else i can do for you?, a strange comment because she had hardly listened, let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience.
she promised to speak to the waitress who had flown off in a rage, but we could hardly take her promise seriously, seeing as she hadnt bothered to get the waitresses name.
in short, schooner or later couldnt have cared less about our being at their establishment.
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.
the music playing was very hip, 20-30 something pop music, but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat, which became annoying midway through dinner.
though, one thing i realized later on was that the restaurant either used msg or a meat tenderizer on the steak.
my mouth felt very dry afterwards and i had that signature ?msg? taste lingering in my throat after i left the restaurant.
overpriced
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.
also, there was only one bathroom stall- probably need more for such big crowds.
at best, the food was good and definately overpriced.
for the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower.
not sure if i would go back.
i dont know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place.
i have been to this place, folks and it is bad.
maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish thats half-way decent.
i have been here, spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment.
fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and not one was eatable.
donot go!
we waited for an hour to be seated.
i probably wouldnt go back though cuz i dont know if its worth it.
maybe ill go back once more many years from now when ive forgotten i went there already.
although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.
should check-up on us more frequently, dont you think?
i have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd.
the bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink, the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser.
i felt ackward and next time went to the casino bathroom.
insultingly overpriced
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.
to start off, approximately 8-10 oz of orange juice will cost you $3.
they serve it in a tall, skinny hour-glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket.
the pancakes were certainly inventive but $8.50 for 3 - 6 pancakes (one of them was more like 5) in the pancake flight (sample of 3 different pancakes) is well over-priced.
the pancakes should be larger (at least 8) to justify the expense even with the unique offerings.
on my meal i had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking, and would have had to send them back again if i hadnt rejected the meal all together.
i rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and i was too frustrated to continue.
in the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (i had water).
two rascally kids were seated near us for the first part of our dinner...they were replaced by a delightful preteen who pretended to gag every time seafood was mentioned at her table.
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.
